
Chapter 1: The Descent of the Heavenly Path List  
 “Human child, how dare you to trespass my Stone Devil Mountain? Are you lost?”
 The infamous stone demon’s voice was like a bell that shook Li Yu to the point his eardrums hurt.
 He could not help but dig his ear with his fingers.
 The stone demon in front of him was more than three meters tall.
 Its skin was rock-like, seeming like it was wearing heavy iron armor.
 With the scarlet copper hammer in hand, the ground trembled as he moved.
  It was the demon that terrorized the Grand Xia Dynasty, Shi Potian!
 Rumor has it that it was once a huge divine stone that suppressed evil and baleful influences.
 However, as it absorbed the essence of the sun and moon and the baleful miasma over the years, it cultivated into a spiritual being and transformed into a powerful monster.
 Its cultivation was rather advanced, incomparably powerful while possessing an almost imperishable body.
 Even the most powerful sect in the Grand Xia Dynasty, the Jade Pure Dao Sect, could not do anything to it.
 They had sent experts to subdue it multiple times, but they all returned in defeat.
 Hahaha…
 Hehehe…
 The lesser demons in the surroundings roared with laughter as well.
 As if they were looking at a fool, they looked at the elegant, handsome, sixteen or seventeen-year-old Li Yu.
 Not even the old Daoist priest of the Jade Pure Dao Sect dared to come alone.
 A brat like him who was still wet behind the ears actually dared to come over and seek death.
 They could  imagine the scene of Li Yu being smashed into minced meat by Shi Potian.
 Li Yu did not speak. He brushed off the dust on his robe and silently pulled out the sword behind him.
 The surrounding lesser demons laughed even louder, and they even cried out in excitement.
 “You’re courting death!” Seeing Li Yu unsheathe his sword, Shi Potian stomped his foot, causing the earth to tremble.
 The surrounding lesser demons nearly fell to the ground.
 However, Li Yu was as steady as an old dog.
 He did not say a word as he slashed out with his sword!
 There were no spectacular sword gleams or fancy special effects.
 It was an ordinary strike.
 Swoosh! The air seemed torn apart.
 The stone demon froze.
 Then, like a fragile clay sculpture, it shattered into pieces with a bang!
 Silence!
 The laughter of the lesser demons stopped abruptly.
 They witnessed everything in shock.
 It was as if they had seen a ghost!
 The terrifying Shi Potian with extraordinary strength was actually… insta-killed by this young Daoist’s sword in one strike.
 If they had not seen it with their own eyes, they would never believe it.
 This… this young Daoist was too terrifying.
 Run!
 All the lesser demons were terrified to the point their souls left their bodies, and they immediately fled in all directions like frightened birds, causing blades, spears, halberds, axes, and hooks to fall to the ground.
 Li Yu could not be bothered with those monsters and silently walked forward.
 He bent down and picked up the stone demon’s Scarlet Copper Hammer.
 This hammer was the real purpose of his trip!
 “Ding… successful collection of the Scarlet Copper Hammer!”
 The system’s voice sounded.
 Li Yu was calm.
 He casually kept the hammer in the storage space of the system.
 This system had accompanied him through his transmigration.
 He could not really put a finger on what this system was. It was a little difficult to explain.
 Simply put, it could allow him to fight monsters and level up like a game character.
 However, a mission panel suddenly appeared a few days ago.
 It began to release system missions to obtain experience points after completing them.
 If he failed, he would lose ten times the experience points.
 His main task was to develop his sect into the number one sect in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Of course, in order to achieve this purpose, many small missions were required.
 For example, he could take in various geniuses, collect various divine weapons, cultivation techniques, natural oddities, and so on, all to strengthen his sect.
 “Strange, why haven’t my experience points increased at all after killing this stone demon?”
 Li Yu was puzzled as he looked at the experience bar in front of him that looked like a progress bar.
 The data displayed was: “You are still 13.1415926… away from becoming invincible.”
 Logically speaking, there should be changes after he killed this powerful stone demon…
 Right at this moment, the Stone Devil Mountain beneath Li Yu’s feet suddenly trembled violently, and it was as if the mountain was collapsing.
 A roar that seemed to come from Nine Nether resounded.
 “So this stone mountain is its true form!” Li Yu murmured in his heart, but he remained expressionless.
 The next second.
 The stone mountain beneath his feet rose and transformed into a huge stone monster.
 Terrifying demonic power began to spread, making the world seem discolored.
 Li Yu frowned slightly. He stomped his feet and leaped into the air before he slashed down with his sword.
 Boom!
 It was as if this sword was about to split heaven and earth apart. Space became twisted to the extreme, emitting thunderous booms.
 The terrifying might of the sword poured down as the stone demon’s roars stopped.
 Its red eyes widened in horror.
 Bang bang bang bang bang…
 The stone demon that had just transformed collapsed again.
 The ground beneath it collapsed as well.
 All in a single strike!
 Shi Potian—the great demon that struck fear into countless sects and made commoners of Qing Prefecture tremble.
 It got utterly obliterated!
 A bottomless rift that was a few kilometers long and more than ten meters wide appeared on the ground, like a natural chasm.
 Countless lesser demons got pulverized by the strike.
 “Sigh, I used too much strength!” Li Yu scratched his head.
 At this moment, the experience bar in front of him finally moved.
 However, it was still only an increase in value after the decimal point.
 At least there was an improvement.
 Moreover, it was a small step towards completing the system mission.
 After killing this stone demon, Li Yu did not stay longer and flew out of the mountain.
 After some time, a group of cultivators in the Jade Pure Dao Sect’s Daoist robes flew over.
 Today, they gathered the top experts of their sects to eradicate the demon, Shi Potian, who was wreaking havoc in Qing Prefecture.
 However, when they arrived at Stone Devil Mountain, they were stunned by the scene in front of them.
 The Stone Devil Mountain had disappeared, and a huge chasm appeared on the ground.
 The impact of what they had witnessed was too shocking, and it caused the elders of the Jade Pure Dao Sect to be stunned for a long time.
 “Shi Potian has been eliminated?”
 “Who can actually have such a divine power?”
 Everyone was shocked.
 An elder surnamed Hu flashed across and grabbed a lesser demon from the mountain below to question it.
 The lesser demon was so frightened that it trembled and spoke incoherently.
 However, Elder Hu more or less understood what was going on. Indeed, an expert had helped them eliminate Shi Potian.
 Looking at the battlefield in front of him, he was truly shocked.
 “Let’s hurry back and report to the sect master!” Elder Hu said as everyone left.
 However, not long after everyone from the Jade Pure Dao Sect left, red light seemed to flicker in the gigantic crack.
 Following that, torrential Demonic Qi suffused the air. It surged like a black fog in the crack, blotting out the sun. It was as if the mountain forest had turned into the Nine Nether Demon Domain.
 Demonic roars and howling ghosts echoed through the mountains, causing one to shudder uncontrollably.
 …
 Luo Water Town, which was about 500 kilometers away from Stone Devil Mountain, was a small town under the jurisdiction of the Great Xia Dynasty in Qing Prefecture.
 Li Yu’s sect was located west of Luo Water Town, on the Nine-tailed Mountain around 5km away.
 A slightly dilapidated Daoist temple with dark green tiles and red walls sat quietly on the mountaintop.
 The Daoist temple’s wall was slightly mottled as if it had been neglected for years. Boston ivy was crawling all over the walls.
 There were a few words inscribed in a lively style on the signboard at the door that was almost indiscernible—That’s Quite a Large Sect!
 Each time he saw those words, Li Yu suspected that his father’s surname was Shen.
 That’s right. It was the sect founded by Li Yu’s cheap father.
 A sect that was renowned throughout the area.
 Under his relentless efforts, the sect successfully developed from the initial ten-odd people to the current three.
 Li Yu felt immense pressure to turn such a sect into the number one sect in the Great Xia Dynasty!
 Gulp…
 As soon as he entered the Daoist temple, Li Yu’s stomach suddenly growled.
 “Sigh, I forgot to hunt on the way back!” Li Yu thought.
 Just as Li Yu was thinking about what to eat for dinner, something peculiar occurred in the sky above Nan’an City, over 5000 kilometers away.
  All of a sudden, rays of golden light shone down, and seven-colored auspicious clouds surfaced in the sky.
 Amidst the heavens and the earth, deep voices sounded out. They resembled the whispers of the gods or the echo of nature.
 What was going on?
 Everyone in Nan’an City looked at the wonder in the sky, shocked.
 They had never seen such a miraculous scene in their lives. Some people thought that auspiciousness had descended from the heavens, and they knelt to pray for blessings.
 Then, a golden scroll that seemed to fall from the nine heavens rolled out. An awe-inspiring voice of the Great Dao reverberated through the sky. “On the Heaven Dao and Earth roll, there are endless opportunities for anyone who enters the list!”
 With the sound of the Great Dao, a ranking appeared on the golden scroll in the sky: the Hidden Dragon List.
 …
Chapter 2: A Rebirth’s Speculation  
 After the Hidden Dragon Rankings appeared, a few rows of clear, shiny golden characters appeared below. “This ranking is the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings. Young elites below the age of thirty can enter the ranking. A total of 100 people will be ranked in ascending order, and they can obtain the Heavenly Dao’s reward! The rankings will be refreshed in real-time, and a reward will be given every month!”
 The entire Nan’an City and the cities and towns within a few thousand kilometers could see it clearly, and everyone was extremely shocked.
 Such a miraculous sight was a once-in-a-lifetime event even for an old fellow who had lived for hundreds or thousands of years.
 Not only that, but the Heavenly Dao Rankings of the various countries’ capitals, cities, and sects also appeared in the sky.
 The world was stunned!
 However, besides being shocked, everyone was discussing and anticipating just who would be able to ascend the Heavenly Dao Rankings. And who would occupy that dazzling top spot?
  Hidden Dragon Rankings # 100: Zhu Hong
 Origin: Zhu Family of Liang Prefecture
 Age: 23 years old
 Reward: Xuanyuan Pill
 Once the first name appeared, a golden light flew out of the ranking list and headed southwest.
 The direction was the Liang Prefecture. It seemed like the golden light was the reward of the Heavenly Dao.
 The hundredth place actually rewarded the Xuanyuan Pill.
 Many seemed surprised and full of envy.
 Although this Xuanyuan Pill was not exactly a rare treasure, it was still a valuable pill.
 This pill could supplement cultivation and improve one’s physique. It was highly beneficial.
 More importantly, as long as he stayed up on the rankings, he would be rewarded with this pill every month. It was simply awesome.
 “If only I could get on the Heavenly Dao Rankings too.”
 “Let’s not dream as ordinary folks. Whoever is up there on the rankings are definitely members of large family clans and large sects!”
 “Yeah, if the 100th place is from the Zhu family. Ordinary disciples can forget about it!”
 “Sigh, if such an expert becomes stronger, then the weak will be even weaker!”
 Everyone talked animatedly.
 Hidden Dragon Rankings # 99: Zhang Daniu
 Origin: Heavenly Water Pavilion
 Reward: Xuanyuan Pill
 No. 98 on the Hidden Dragon Ranking: Wu Yuan
 Origin: Million Sins Clan
 Reward: Xuanyuan Pill
 …
 As the rankings began to get announced, strands of golden light flew out from the ranking list and into various directions.
 The Grand Xia Dynasty, Liang Prefecture, Zhu Manor.
 As a former lord and the family behind the current prime minister, the Zhu family was powerful. They had many descendants and mercenaries, and their overall strength was not inferior to some large sects.
 “The Heavenly Dao Rankings has finally appeared!” A man in luxurious clothes stood on the pavilion with his assistant standing beside him as he looked up at the golden rankings in the sky.
 He had sword-like eyebrows and starry eyes, giving off an imposing aura.
 On his dashing face, there was a pair of deep eyes that seemed to have experienced the vicissitudes of life.
 It remained sharp and deep, even though it had just witnessed something extraordinary.
 His eyes were still calm as water in an ancient well, as only a smile surfaced on his lips.
 He was the top prodigy of the Zhu family’s current generation. His talent and strength were unmatched in the entire Great Xia Dynasty.
 Even the top elites of the Jade Pure Dao Sect could not compare to him.
 Not only that, he was a reborn person.
 Of course, no one else but him knew about this.
 In his previous life, he had been the number one existence on the Heavenly Dao Ranking’s Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 He knew the Heavenly Dao Rankings better than anyone else.
 The Hidden Dragon Rankings was only the beginning. Three months later, the Heaven Dao Earth Rankings would also announce the Great Xia Dynasty’s Divine Weapon Rankings.
 It was a much more important ranking with more generous rewards.
 Furthermore, the Heavenly Dao Earth Rankings was only ranked according to country.
 It meant that only the young elites of the Great Xia Dynasty were on the list.
 The Heaven Rankings would appear in the future. That was the actual valuable ranking list.
 By then, it would encompass a wider area that would include the various humans, monsters, and demon races.
 The rewards would be even more extraordinary.
 In his previous life, countless people had relied on the opportunities from the Heaven Rankings to become peerless experts.
 Those who could reach the top ten of the Heaven Rankings have a chance to enter the Immortal Rankings in the future and enter the Immortal class.
 “In this life, I, Zhu Xiaotian, will surely ascend into the Immortal Rankings!” Zhu Xiaotian thought to himself.
 After rebirth, he knew everything about the future and was confident that he could devise a strategy to seize the fortune of heaven and earth.
 He planned to utilize the Heavenly Dao Rankings to advance rapidly and ascend into the Immortal Realm.
 Below the pavilions, everyone from the Zhu Family was excitedly discussing this matter. In their hearts, Zhu Xiaotian must be the only candidate at the top of the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 “Brother Xiaotian, so you’re here!” A beautiful girl with snow-white skin and charming eyes ran over.
 Her name was Yi Caidie, the beloved daughter of the Pingnan King of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 “Brother Xiaotian, the first place on this Hidden Dragon Rankings surely belongs to you!” The girl walked to Zhu Xiaotian’s side and looked at the ranking.
 She was not flattering him, as Zhu Xiaotian was the publicly acknowledged number one prodigy of the Great Xia Dynasty. His natural talent was unmatched.
 Zhu Xiaotian smiled slightly and did not speak, but his face was filled with determination.
 In his previous life, he was the first on the list.
 Now that he was reborn, his cultivation was higher and better than in his previous life.
 Therefore, no one could compete with the first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings in this life.
 “With Sister Cai Die’s abilities, you’ll surely have a place in the top ten!” Zhu Xiaotian said.
 According to his previous life’s memories, his childhood friend Cai Die ranked tenth.
 “I hope so! Brother Xiaotian, look at how many fiend sect disciples are on this ranking!” Yi Caidie said with a grave expression.
 Half of the rankings had  been announced. And there were  more than 20 fiend sect disciples among the 50 people.
 “Sigh, the righteous path is declining, while the demonic path is rampant. Chaos is inevitable!” Zhu Xiaotian said solemnly.
 He knew clearly that the Great Xia Dynasty was not alone.
 The entire Huaxia continent was the same. In the next few hundred years, it was highly likely that the era would be filled with demons.
 The appearance of the Heavenly Dao Rankings intensified this situation.
 As the saying went, nature was heartless and treated everything as straw dogs.
 The Heavenly Dao Rankings were not just limited to a particular race species.
 In the struggle for the Grand Dao, a myriad of races competed for the chance to become immortals and seek the Dao!
 Still, heroes emerge from chaos. Zhu Xiaotian wanted to capitalize on the winds of change to transform into a true dragon and ascend to the nine heavens.
 …
 The Grand Xia Dynasty’s Yue Prefecture, Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 The Sect Master of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, Perfected Yu Hua, stood at the entrance of the Jade Pure Palace Hall. He looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the sky with a heavy expression.
 Indeed, the appearance of the Heavenly Dao Rankings filled him with pleasant surprise and anticipation. Many disciples of their sect had also entered the Hidden Dragon Rankings and received the rewards of the Heavenly Dao.
 However, looking at the full rankings was like looking at the world’s future.
 He could not help but worry.
 The Demon Sects  occupied half of the 80 announced places.
 This was especially true for the Netherworld Demon Sect, as the number of disciples ranked had  surpassed their Daoist Sect.
 Demons were rampant in the current Great Xia Dynasty, and the greater demons from all over were wreaking havoc.
 There were countless deaths and injuries among those in the righteous path, and it was difficult to eradicate them. Everyone was afraid.
 The decline of the righteous path and the expansion of the demonic path were undeniable.
 In recent years, the strength of the Netherworld Demon Sect had  surpassed them.
 Now, their younger generation was filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. And the mere thought of such potential was terrifying enough.
 What was even more troubling was that the Heavenly Dao Rankings would reveal this cruel fact to the public.
 It was truly a public execution, leaving the righteous sects ashamed.
 At this rate, it would inevitably cause panic in the world.
 It could even threaten the righteous sect’s status in the people’s hearts.
 At the thought of this, Perfected Yu Hua truly felt depressed.
 Right at this moment, a group of figures flew over from afar.
 Perfected Yu Hua focused his gaze.
 It was the returning Elder Hu and others. They had set out to eliminate Shi Potian even if it meant losing their lives.
  “So soon?” Perfected Yu Hua was slightly surprised.
 However, when they saw that everyone had returned without any injuries, they could not help but be shocked.
 “Elder Hu, why are you back so soon?”
 “Reporting to Sect Master, when we arrived, the Stone Devil Mountain had  disappeared. Shi Potian was  killed by someone else. From the traces of the battle, it was likely done by a certain expert!” Said Elder Hu as he cupped his hands.
 “Really?” Perfected Yu Hua revealed a look of joy. This huge boulder that was weighing on his heart had finally disappeared.
 If they still could not get rid of Shi Potian, their Jade Pure Dao Sect would probably be too ashamed to face the commoners.
 They were going to be mocked and ridiculed by the fiend sects again.
 …
Chapter 3: Who Is Li Yu?  
 Hidden Dragon Ranking # 11: Yi Caidie
 Origin: Daughter of the Pingnan King
 Age: 16
 Reward: Foundation Building Pill
 “11th?”
 Zhu Xiaotian frowned in surprise.
  How could it be eleven? He clearly remembered that Yi Caidie was tenth in his previous life.
 And her reward should be the Spirit Ascension Pill, a precious pill that could improve the quality of one’s Spirit Root.
 “What a pity that I’m out of the top ten!” Yi Caidie stuck out her tongue, but she didn’t pay too much attention to it. After all, this was not too far off from her expectations.
 At this moment, a golden light flew over from the sky and turned into a jade bottle that flew towards Yi Caidie.
 She grabbed it through the air and kept it in her storage magic treasure.
 Hidden Dragon Rankings # 10: Leng Yue
 Origin: Netherworld Demon Sect
 Age: 19
 Reward: Spirit Ascension Pill
 As he looked at the new name on the list, Zhu Xiaotian’s expression became more solemn.
 He felt that the overall placing of this ranking seemed to have moved backward by one spot. What was going on?
 The top ten on the Hidden Dragon Rankings was the most striking existence.
 At this moment, everyone’s eyes were fixated on the names that kept appearing on the rankings.
 Everyone wanted to see which young elites could reach the top ten.
 A group of people gathered at the entrance of Qingyuan Restaurant in Nan’an City. As they looked at the names that were getting announced one after another, their expressions slowly turned grim.
 “Why are the tenth, ninth, and eighth place all members of the Netherworld Demon Sect?”
 “They said that it’s the rise of the fiend sects, and they have  surpassed the orthodox sects. Seems like it’s true!”
 “Three people in a row are from the Demon Sect. This isn’t good news. So far, no one from the Jade Pure Dao Sect has entered the top ten!”
 “I heard that Lin Chen of the Jade Pure Dao Sect is a prodigy of the current era who is extremely strong!”
 “Yes, I’ve heard of it too. This kid should have the chance for the top spot!”
 “No, no, no. The top spot should be Zhu Xiaotian from the Zhu family. This child is the number one prodigy of our Great Xia Dynasty, and he’s definitely going to be the number one!”
 “That’s right. I heard that he entered the Foundation Establishment realm before he was twelve. He’s  at the peak of the Foundation Establishment realm and is about to enter the Golden Core realm. Such talent and cultivation are probably unmatched in the world!”
 “This child is actually at the peak of the Foundation Establishment realm? Then he must be number one!”
 “Mmm, this first place must not be occupied by someone from the demonic sect anymore. That would be too embarrassing!”
 Everyone discussed animatedly, and they looked at the newly announced names with nervous and expectant gazes.
 # 7: Murong Xingqiao
 Origin: The Royal Family of the Great Xia Dynasty
 Age: 17
 Reward: Spirit Ascension Pill
 “Congratulations, your highness!” In the Eastern Palace, an old man cupped his hands with all smiles.
 This person was called Shen Qiuming, the current royal tutor and the prince’s teacher.
 In front of him was the Crown Prince of the Great Xia Dynasty—Murong Xingqiao.
 He had a handsome face and limpid eyes. He was excessively dashing, to the point that even women would become jealous of him.
 “I’m only in seventh place. What’s there to be happy about? Sigh, I’m still too weak. In the future, I will use all my time to cultivate. The next time the rankings refresh, I, Murong Xingqiao, will be in the top five!” Murong Xingqiao had an unsatisfied expression.
 “Your Highness is only 17 years old. To have such a cultivation level is  one in a million!” Shen Qiuming said amiably.
 “Old Shen, don’t make fun of me!” Murong Xingqiao supported his chin with his right hand and looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the sky with a bitter expression.
 “I wouldn’t dare!” Grand Tutor Shen Qiuming bowed.
 “Old Shen, you said that the first place should be the prime minister’s son, right?”
 “Yes, if I’m not wrong, it ought to be him. This kid is a peerless genius that possesses great talent. He’s indeed the best in the younger generation of the empire!”
 Murong Xingqiao nodded, but his brows furrowed even more tightly.
 He was well aware that the Zhu family’s power had  surpassed the Murong family.
 Prime Minister Zhu Hongyuan was ambitious.
 Despite the Zhu family being on his side, he was well aware that the Zhu family was definitely not his friend.
 The Hidden Dragon Rankings continued to announce the rankings. The sixth place was again a member of the Netherworld Demon Sect…
 # 5: Lin Chen
 Origin: Jade Pure Dao Sect
 Age: 23
  Reward: Golden Body Spiritual Liquid
 # 4: Ye Qiu
 Origin: Nan’an City’s Ye Family
 Age: 18
 Reward: Golden Body Spiritual Liquid
 # 3: Gu Cangming
 Origin: Netherworld Demon Sect
 Age: 23
 Reward: Divine Flame Pill
 # 2: Zhu Xiaotian
 Origin: Zhu Family of Liang Prefecture
 Age: 23
 Reward: Divine Flame Pill
 “Second place? Impossible!”
 Zhu Xiaotian’s eyes widened as he looked at every word on the ranking list in disbelief.
 Impossible. What’s going on? How did I become second?  I should be number one!  Although he had an ominous feeling when the top ten was announced, he was unwilling to believe that his ranking would fall by one position as well.
 He could not understand how this could have happened.
 After his rebirth, everything that he had experienced was no different from the trajectory of his previous life.
 But why was there such a significant change in the Heavenly Dao Rankings?
 It suddenly frightened him.
 It was as if everything he knew got overturned suddenly, and everything he saw had suddenly become bubbles.
 He thought he would control everything in his new life and predict the future.
 However, he never expected that something beyond his control would suddenly appear here at this point.
 “Who is it? Who stole my first place?!” Zhu Xiaotian’s pupils trembled as he stared at the rankings in the air.
 Yi Caidie was also shocked, and her eyes were filled with surprise.
 The Zhu Family people below were in an uproar.
 Zhu Xiaotian was not at the top!
 Then who would be the number one?
 Everyone outside the Qingyuan Restaurant was in an uproar as well.
 “What’s going on? Even Zhu Xiaotian from the Zhu family isn’t the first?”
 “No way, if he’s not even at the top, then who could be at the top!”
 “The epitome of the Xia Dynasty’s younger generation are all on the list . Who else can it be?”
 “Perhaps there’s a hidden genius?”
 “To be able to surpass the Zhu Family’s Zhu Xiaotian, just how monstrous is this child’s talent?!”
 “It can’t be someone from the fiend sects again, right?!”
 “That will be bad! Half of the top ten have been occupied by fiend sects. If the first place is also obtained by the fiend sects, then…”
 Those people were not the only ones shocked and worried.
 Even Murong Xingqiao, Ye Qiu, Lin Chen, and Perfected Yu Hua had the same doubts and worries in their hearts.
 Please don’t be a member of the Netherworld Demon Sect!?Perfected Yu Hua muttered in his heart.
 If the top spot was seized by someone from the demonic path, it would be a huge blow to the entire orthodox sects of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Where would their reputation go!
 In the sky, the golden light on the golden scroll suddenly flourished. As light patterns flowed, a few golden words surfaced slowly.
 Those words were twice the size of the rest.
 Everyone held their breaths and focused their attention on the golden words.
 Hidden Dragon Rankings #1: Li Yu
  Origin: That’s Quite a Large Sect
 Age: 17
 Reward: Heavenly Spirit Pill
 Additional Reward: Chongming?Bird1?Fledgling
 “Who is Li Yu?”
 At the same time, this question arose in the hearts of everyone that were paying attention to the Heavenly Dao Rankings, and they were even more puzzled by Li Yu’s origins.
 That’s Quite a Large Sect? Which sect is that?
 …
Chapter 4: I Will Find You, No Matter Where You Are  
 “Li Yu, who is this person? Why have I never heard of him in my previous life?”
 Zhu Xiaotian frowned as killing intent flashed through his eyes.
 Yi Caidie was also slightly surprised, and she couldn’t help but sneak a glance at Zhu Xiaotian’s rather sullen expression.
 “He even got an additional reward!” Zhu Xiaotian was even more shocked!
 Not to mention that number one had been seized by a fellow called Li Yu.
 He was also the first in his previous life, but he had only obtained the Heavenly Spirit Pill.
  There was no additional reward.
 What ability did this person have to obtain the favor of the Heavenly Dao and even obtain additional rewards?
 Moreover, the additional reward was too great. Chongming Bird was a divine bird!
 It was said that this bird was shaped like a chicken and sang like a phoenix. It had two eyes and was born with the ability to dispel evil. It was the natural enemy of demons and ghosts.
 It could reach adulthood in sixty years. Once it did, it would possess the strength of the Profound Void Martial Stage at the very least.
 Obtaining this divine bird was equivalent to acquiring a powerful aid in combat strength with limitless potential.
 Such a reward was a desirable and crazy opportunity for the entire Huaxia continent.
 If his family obtained this divine bird, they could possess an expert at the Profound Void Martial Stage in the future.
 The Zhu family would dominate over the entire Huaxia continent.
 The Heavenly Spirit Pill was another incomparable treasure.
 A single Heavenly Spirit Pill could shape a heavenly spiritual root.
 In the past, he had relied on this pill to cleanse his marrow, reconstruct his foundation, and establish an even more monstrous cultivation talent.
 However, in this life, not only did he lose the top spot, he did not even obtain this Heavenly Spirit Pill.
 Zhu Xiaotian felt as if he had suffered double the damage.
 At this moment, he only had a single thought in his mind—he must eliminate Li Yu.
 This guy was an uncertain factor for him, a hidden threat to his future plans.
 He had to get rid of him. He had to make everything return to the path he was familiar with.
 …
 In the Eastern Palace, Murong Xingqiao and Shen Qiuming looked at the name of the rankings with faces filled with bewilderment.
 “Who is Li Yu? And that… large sect? Why have I never heard of it before?” Murong Xingqiao had a puzzled expression.
 “From the name, you can tell that it’s very likely a small sect that’s not up to standard. It’s normal that you haven’t heard of it, Your Highness!” Shen Qiuming said.
 “Elder Shen, quickly send someone to find this person. I want to take this person under my wing and ensure his safety!” said Murong Xingqiao.
 He was very clearly aware that such a hidden genius was like an unpolished jade that had not been developed.
 Many factions would likely scramble to recruit such talent.
 After all, obtaining this person would not only give them a young elite with limitless potential, they could even improve their own reputation with him.
 After all, being the first on the Heavenly Dao Ranking was simply too dazzling.
 Likely, after today, there would be no one in the world who did not know Li Yu.
 The next time the rankings refreshed, the information about Li Yu’s background was the key to the rise of the reputation of countless factions!
 Not only that, if they accepted this child, they could even obtain more rewards from the Heavenly Dao through him in the future. They would have endless opportunities to grow.
 Of course, there would definitely be many jealous people who might even have ill intentions.
 After all, if he was eliminated, the ranking of others would increase, especially for the second place.
 Moreover, the Heavenly Spirit Pill and the Chongming Bird were peerless treasures that were enough to drive everyone in the world crazy.
 A man’s wealth is his ruin by itself. If such a reward went to the imperial family or large factions like the Jade Pure Dao Sect and the Zhu family, no one would dare to think of obtaining it.
 However, it had fallen into the hands of such a small and unknown sect, it would likely invite a fatal disaster.
 Perhaps the first to take action would be the demonic sects.
 So, Murong Xingqiao had to protect that person and take him under his wing as his retainer.
 …
 Perfected Yu Hua had the same idea as Murong Xingqiao.
 Once he saw the rewards of the Heavenly Dao transform into two golden lights and flew towards the northwest, Perfected Yu Hua hurriedly turned to Elder Hu.
 “Elder Hu, quickly send someone to find Li Yu. We must recruit him into our Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 “Also, this child will certainly be in danger. The fiend sects will take action too. We must find him before they do!”
 Perfected Yu Hua also knew that the Heavenly Dao rewards were too tempting, and plenty of people must have ill intentions.
 That was a Chongming Bird, and even he, Perfected Yu Hua, was tempted greatly.
 If possible, he was even willing to use his intrinsic magic treasure to trade with Li Yu and obtain the baby bird.
 At this moment, the various powers were definitely searching for Li Yu. It was a race against time.
 Whoever could find this child first would be able to seize the initiative.
 Almost at the same time, the various powers of the Grand Xia Dynasty started to make a move. Everyone was looking for That’s Quite a Large Sect and Li Yu for different reasons.
 Nan’an City’s Ye family, the General’s Estate.
 The Ye family was a family of generals in the Great Xia Dynasty. Their family had been generals for generations, and they had produced countless heroes.
 The Ye family was loyal to the country. The disciples of the Ye family guarded the borders and fought bravely to protect the country.
 Therefore, whenever the citizens of Nan’an City passed by the Ye Residence, they would look at them with respect and admiration.
 “That’s Quite a Large Sect! How come I feel like I’ve heard of it somewhere before!” Ye Qiu frowned and rubbed his chin, deep in thought.
 He was the youngest son of the General of the Great Xia Dynasty, Ye Guxiong. He was also the cream of the crop among the younger generation of the Ye family.
 The members of the Ye Family cultivated martial arts body tempering techniques. The difference from the Qi Refinement cultivation system was that martial practitioners focused on cultivating the physical body, using strength to break through spells and attain immortality.
 The cultivation realms were divided into Qi Refinement, Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, Nascent Soul, Soul Formation, Profound Void, Tribulation, Mahayana.
 On the other hand, the Martial Body Refinement Realm was divided into the Meridian Opening, Body Tempering, Aureate Body, Transcendence, Soul Conduit, Rebirth, Life and Death, Deity.
 Also, every cultivation realm was divided into the early, middle, and late stages.
 Ye Qiu was now at the late stage of the Body Tempering Realm, and he cultivated the Ye Family’s Profound Yang Tyrant Body Art.
 His physical body was powerful, and he had limitless strength. He could fight even peak Foundation Establishment cultivators.
 He was born gallant and fond of fighting. Other than those from the Demonic Sects, he had challenged almost every top talent of the Great Xia Dynasty’s younger generation.
 Therefore, when he saw that the first on the ranking was a fellow he had never heard of before, his first thought was to spar with this fellow to see how powerful he was.
 He had experienced Zhu Xiaotian’s abilities first hand before. He was indeed powerful but not invincible.
 That sparring session with Zhu Xiaotian had allowed him to improve greatly.
 If Zhu Xiaotian had not declined to fight him after that encounter, he would have definitely sparred with him a few more times until he defeated him.
 The Heaven Dao Rankings had allowed him to see a new goal.
 He would surely find out more about the person ranked first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings as it could bring him new inspiration and growth.
 “I remember now. I think it’s near Luohe Town!” Ye Qiu clapped his hands excitedly.
 He recalled carefully just now and remembered that he had heard of such a strange sect name when he went out to travel last year.
 “Uncle Fu, bring my mount over!” Ye Qiu grabbed his Azure Dragon Spear, his face filled with battle intent.
 While countless people were searching for Li Yu, the man himself was in the Daoist temple. He was completely unaware that his identity had been exposed by the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 Moreover, at the remote area of the Nine-tailed Mountain, he could not have seen the Heaven Dao Rankings.
 Just as Li Yu entered the kitchen, two golden lights flew over from the sky, coincidentally blocked by the door he casually closed moments ago.
 Bang!
  The door was smashed open, giving Li Yu a fright.
 When he focused his gaze, he saw a big, feathery pheasant that was getting up from the ground in a daze.
 “Heh, my goodness, this is really a chicken flying into a wok!” Li Yu was pleasantly surprised.
 He was only just worried about not having anything to eat at night when this pheasant came knocking on his door.
 Li Yu would never have thought that the big chicken-like bird in front of him was the baby bird of the Chongming Bird. Also, he did not notice the small porcelain bottle that flew in with it.
 At the moment, he only had eyes for the big, fat chicken.
 Looking at it was like looking at a pot of fragrant chicken mushroom stew.
 Hmm, I remember there are plenty of delicious mushrooms in the kitchen …DiisCoover 
Chapter 5: Reverse Robbery  
 After the sunset, a pot of fragrant chicken mushroom stew was ready.
 Li Yu could not wait and took a bite of the chicken. He instantly felt his soul sublimate.?Awesome! Awesome!  This chicken was not ordinary. The texture of the meat was unmatched, and its taste was heavenly.
 It was a pity that his cheap father and junior brother did not have the good fortune to enjoy it.
 His junior brother, Tang Chi, had left the mountain a few days ago to visit his family. Li Yu felt that this fellow was probably thinking of escaping.
 Meanwhile, his father went out to earn money. According to his plan, he would complete the repair and expansion of the Daoist temple this year while recruiting 100 disciples.
  They needed money, and more importantly, disciples.
 However, his father planned but would never see it through year after year.
 Li Yu was used to it.
 If not for the fact that the system had suddenly issued a mission a few days ago, he could not be bothered to expand his sect and recruit any new disciples.
 He would rather stay away from prying eyes and unnecessary troubles.
 The peace the three of them had is enough.
 A large pot of fragrant chicken mushroom stew was quickly finished by Li Yu.
 If there was anything special about this body, it was that he could really eat—the type who could not live without meat.
 Of course, food was the source of his strength.
 Li Yu, who had relied on the system to kill monsters and level up, was not part of the Qi Refinement system, nor was he part of the Body Refinement system.
 Anyway, it was a particularly unique existence.
 He did not have any magic power or internal energy in his body, but he had a strange energy.
 He could not unleash the spells and divine arts of various cultivators, but the power of a single sword could destroy the world.
 Therefore, he could not be bothered with what system he belonged to. All that mattered was that he was powerful!
 Li Yu was satisfied as he sat under the scholar tree in the courtyard. He picked his teeth while opening the system interface.
 The first thing that appeared was his personal information interface.
 Name: Li Yu (automatically generated)
 Age: 17 years old (automatically generated)
 Gender: Male (automatically generated)
 Owner’s Sect: That’s Quite A Large Sect (automatically generated)
 Constitution: Human Body (filled in manually)
 Bloodline: Type A (filled in manually)
 Weapon: An ordinary-looking sword (filled in manually)
 Magical Power: Basic Attack Sword Art (filled in manually)
 Special Skill: Serious Slash (filled in manually)
 Mount: Bus 11 (filled in manually)
 …
 There was a lot of information on the mission interface.
 Essentially, it was a minor mission to develop a sect into the number one sect in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 For example, to recruit a thousand disciples in a year, at least ten of them must have excellent talent.
 There was a disciple management module in the system that could administer disciples. It had comprehensive functions.
 The system would also automatically evaluate the talent of the disciples, which was somewhat user-friendly.
 In addition to that, there are other requirements to meet: collecting cultivation techniques and building a Skill Pavilion; collecting divine weapons and building the Divine Weapon Pavilion; collecting medicinal pills, pill formulas, pill furnaces and building the Alchemy Pavilion; collecting refining techniques, refining furnaces, and others and create an artifact refining pavilion; collecting spirit herbs and building a spirit herb garden.
 There were also a series of missions to improve the sect’s prestige.
 After all, to establish a truly major sect, one needed to have all kinds of ultimate techniques and cornerstones.
 Although the sect was small, those were everything it needed to support its development.
 Then, he would subdue demons, restore justice, improve the sect’s social status and influence, etc.
 In addition, the mission interface had strategies and guidelines for completing the mission.
 For example, when he did not know where to find divine weapons, the system notified him that he could obtain the Scarlet Copper Hammer by killing Shi Potian.
 That was how he followed the directions and found Shi Potian’s location with ease and obtained the supreme-grade Numinous treasure.
 It also increased the sect’s prestige points.
 Currently, the mission progress of collecting divine weapons has become 1 / 20.
 Prestige became 3 / 100.
 Hold up!  1 / 50 completed for pills? What was going on?  Li Yu was a little surprised as he clicked on the details.
 [Obtained Heavenly Spirit Pill]
 Li Yu followed the system’s directions and found the small porcelain bottle lying by the stove.
 “Heavenly Spirit Pill? Where did this come from?” Li Yu was puzzled, but he did not think much about it. He simply deduced that he had picked up a treasure.
 At this moment, the system asked, “Will you analyze the formula for the Heavenly Spirit Pill?”
 “There is even such a function!” Li Yu was pleasantly surprised.
 As long as he could collect the pills, he could then analyze and derive the pill formulas. That would be a pretty powerful ability.
 Collecting pill formulas would become simple.
 Li Yu did not hesitate to click to confirm.
 The system quickly analyzed the pill formula.
 The progress of collecting the pill formulas also indicated 1 / 50.
 Not bad, not bad!  Li Yu was overjoyed.
 Once Dad returns, I’ll change the name of the sect too!?Li Yu thought.
 If he wanted to develop his sect, he would first have to give a proper name.
 Otherwise, this name was filled with Shen’s?humor1?did not suit the mainstream aesthetics of this world.
 Who would be willing to join a sect with an unreliable name?
 …
 Deep into the night. Within Black Bear Mountain, 25 kilometers away from Nine-tailed Mountain.
 This was the lair of the infamous bandits in Qing Prefecture—the Juyi Hall.
 These mountain bandits branded themselves as heroes of the greenwood, but they were just outlaws who assaulted and pillaged.
 Luo Water Town and the nearby townspeople were gnashing their teeth in hatred.
 However, it was useless as these bandits remained powerful. The Qing Prefecture had attempted to eradicate them for many years, but they had never been able to eliminate them.
 Of course, the incompetence of the local authorities played a big part.
 Today, the second-in-command of the Juyi Hall, Zhou Erlang, was headed to the Liang Prefecture to handle some matters. He happened to witness the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 Although not many people knew about That’s Quite A Large Sect, as a faction around Luo Water Town, Juyi Hall was naturally aware of it.
 Therefore, Zhou Erlang immediately rushed back to the base through the night at the fastest speed to report the good news to his eldest brother, Zhou Dalang.
 After hearing the news, Zhou Dalang pushed the girl he had kidnapped away and jumped out of bed excitedly.
 This sort of precious treasure had actually fallen into the hands of that small sect on the Nine-tailed Mountain.
 It was simply like a lump of fat meat delivered to their doorstep, which they were about to strike the jackpot this time.
 Not mentioning the value of the Chongming Bird, just the priceless Heavenly Spirit Pill would make anyone tempted.
 “Loot it! You must get it back for me. It’s better if you could kidnap that Li Yu too. This kid is a money tree!” Zhou Dalang’s eyes sparkled. A Heaven Spirit Pill rewarded once a month was simply too fantastic.
 “Big Brother, leave it to me. I heard that the sect only has three or four disciples. It’ll be enough if I bring ten brothers!” Zhou Erlang patted his chest and said.
 “Don’t underestimate the enemy. Although this sect is small, to nurture the number one elite on the Hidden Dragon Rankings means they probably have some ability. It’s best to bring more people!”
 “Alright, then I’ll bring thirty brothers. That should be enough!”
 “Okay! Then I’ll wait for your good news here!” Zhou Dalang laughed.
 Zhou Erlang quickly gathered the thirty strongest bandits in the base and rushed to the Nine-tailed Mountain with the cover of the night.
 When they arrived at the Nine-tailed Mountain, it was  the latter half of the night.
 Li Yu was sleeping in his room when a loud bang sounded. It was as if the door of the temple had been forced open.
 Following that, a series of noises sounded as the flickering flames illuminated the outside.
 Li Yu was startled as he put on his robe and rushed out.
 Dozens of burly men had rushed into the temple with torches in their hands.
 “Who are you all?” Li Yu shouted and blocked the crowd.
 “Hey, kid! Where is Li Yu?” Zhou Erlang walked out of the crowd and asked coldly.
 “That’s me!” Li Yu frowned. He looked at the group of people in front of him who seemed like a group of bandits.
 He could not help but sigh at the degeneration of the world. Were the mountain bandits  so impoverished to rob a small and poor sect?
 “Haha, good! Hand over the Heavenly Spirit Pill and the Chongming Bird obediently so that you won’t suffer any physical pain!” Zhou Erlang ordered.
 The surrounding bandits grinned maliciously, staring at Li Yu like hungry wolves. They kept swinging the weapons in their hands as if they were going to pounce at any moment.
  Li Yu was puzzled.
 How did these mountain bandits know that I had a Heaven Spirit Pill? Where did it come from?  And what was with that so-called Chongming Bird?  Could the chicken I cooked at night be…  Li Yu was filled with questions, and he sensed that something was off.
 It was clear this group of people in front of him should know something that he did not.
 And they were clearly here to rob him.
 
Chapter 6: Changes in Rankings, The Destruction of the Heavenly Water Pavilion  
 At this moment, the system interface popped up.
 A new system mission appeared:
 [Exterminate the bandits of the Juyi Hall of Black Bear Mountain to obtain 1 prestige point]
 Mm, a reward. Not bad.  A point is a point. Li Yu was not picky.
 Moreover, even without the system mission reward, he had intended to deal with the mountain bandits.
  If it were in the past, he would not have bothered about these pests.
 But now that they had come knocking on his door, he did not mind robbing them.
 It just so happened that his sect lacked people and was short of money.
 “Kid, hand it over quickly. Don’t refuse a toast only to be puni…” Before Zhou Erlang could finish his sentence, his face was twisted by a strong force as he flew into the air.
 Bang! Bang! Bang! Kacha!
 In the blink of an eye, more than thirty robbers were either embedded in the wall, hanging from trees, sinking into the ground, or smashing through the wall into the house.
 It worsened the  dilapidated Daoist temple’s situation. It was filled with desolation and wailing.
 “You can’t even take a single blow. Boring!” Li Yu clapped his hands, walked up to Zhou Erlang, and squatted down.
 At this moment, Erlang Zhou was so frightened that his soul almost left his body. He hurriedly begged for mercy, “Please spare my life, please spare my life!”
 He had never imagined that Li Yu’s strength was so terrifying.
 He originally thought that even if Li Yu was ranked at the first position on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, he was only a 17-year-old brat. How strong could he be?
 In addition, the Heavenly Spirit Pill and the Chongming Bird were too tempting, so he did not think much about it.
 Furthermore, he was at the peak of the Body Tempering Realm, after all. Coupled with his brothers, they should at least not be instantly killed if they were to fight a Golden Core realm cultivator.
 The boy’s strength was too terrifying!
 “Cut the crap. Tell me, how did you know that I have a Heaven Spirit Pill? And what did you say about the Chongming Bird?” Li Yu asked in a stern voice.
 Zhou Erlang did not dare to be negligent and hurriedly told him in detail about the Heavenly Dao Ranking.
 After hearing Zhou Erlang’s words, the corners of Li Yu’s mouth twitched.
 That, that chicken was a divine bird?  And I ate the divine bird rewarded from the Heavenly Dao.  Wow, if this were to spread, I wonder how people would react.  Well, it’s a divine bird, after all. Its meat was really delicious.  Li Yu couldn’t help but reminisce, and his mouth was filled with delight…
 If only he could get another divine bird as a reward the next time…
 “Looks like I can’t lay low anymore!” Li Yu felt rather helpless.
 He had been living a quiet life, and he did not expect to be exposed like this.
 Now everyone in the world knew that he was gifted and had even obtained the Heavenly Spirit Pill and the Chongming Bird.
 There were probably plenty of people who wanted to kill him for his treasures.
 Li Yu began to consider whether he should flee.
 However, it did not seem like he needed to escape with his current abilities on second thought.
 Furthermore, the Heavenly Dao Rankings might be a chance for him to strengthen his sect and complete his mission sooner.
 In that case, it did not seem that bad.
 There will probably be many ‘guests’ paying a visit to our temple in the next few days!?Li Yu rubbed his chin in thought.
 Li Yu looked at the devastated temple.
 He raised Zhou Erlang and said unhappily, “Look, look at what you have done. See what you did to my Daoist temple? The walls have collapsed, and the house looks nothing like before. And this ground! Look at this fine ground! And you guys filled it with a bunch of holes! Let me tell you that you have to compensate me and repair my Daoist temple. Besides, you have disturbed me in the middle of the night. You have to pay for this psychological damage…”
  Zhou Erlang wailed in his heart.
 F*ck! That was clearly your own doing. We’re victims too.  As for the mental damage compensation, we probably suffered more than you mentally.  “You’re right, sir. I’ll compensate you. Let me go back, and I’ll get someone to send the money to you tomorrow!” Zhou Erlang said.
 “Dream on! You can forget about going back!” Li Yu threw Erlang Zhou to the ground.
 He then picked up a bandit beside him. “Your leg isn’t broken, right?”
 “No, no, I only broke a few ribs!”
 “It’s fine as long as your leg isn’t broken. Go back and inform your boss to bring silver over to redeem him. As for each person… each will be 100 taels. In addition to the losses here and my mental damage compensation, I’ll give you a discount, so pay me 5,000 taels.
 “Deliver it by tomorrow. Otherwise, I will send these guys to the authorities to collect your bounty! “Li Yu said in all seriousness.
 “Okay, okay!” the bandit replied excitedly. Then, he rushed down the mountain faster than a rabbit.
 Zhou Erlang did not say a word, although he knew that their village could not take out so much silver.
 However, his eldest brother was a middle-stage Aureate Body realm expert, so he should have the chance to save them.
 “As for you fellows, you can stay behind and repair the Daoist temple for me! But in order to prevent you from escaping, I think it’s necessary to break your legs!” Li Yu rubbed his fist as he spoke.
 “No, no, no. We definitely won’t escape. If our legs break, how can we fix your house!” Zhou Erlang shouted in a panic.
 “You can crawl. I’ll leave my hand for you guys. It’s team cooperation, understand? Aren’t you mountain bandits the most particular about team cooperation? Use your imagination! You guys can do it!” As Li Yu spoke, he stepped on Zhou Erlang’s calf.
 “No, no, ah—”
 Crack!
 The sounds of bones breaking and miserable cries reverberated through the entire Nine-tailed Mountain, adding some noise to the quiet night.
 At the same time, there was a sudden movement on the Hidden Dragon Rankings in the sky above Nan’an City and the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 The Heavenly Water Pavilion disciples on the rankings began to disappear one by one, replaced by the names of the people behind them.
 At the same time, new names appeared on the rankings.
 In the end, there was no longer a single Heavenly Water Pavilion disciple on the rankings.
 This anomaly attracted the attention and surprise of many people.
 Especially Perfected Yu Hua, who had always been concerned about the safety of everyone in the world. He felt that something huge might have happened to that sect, so he quickly called for the Elders and disciples to follow him to the Heavenly Water Pavilion.
 However, when Perfected Yu Hua and the others arrived at the Heavenly Water Pavilion, it had  turned into a living hell. Corpses were everywhere, and blood flowed like a river.
 The strongest sect in the Qing Prefecture, the Heavenly Water Pavilion, was destroyed!
 “How could this be?” Perfected Yu Hua was shocked, and a bone-chilling cold arose from the bottom of his feet.
 This Heavenly Water Pavilion could be considered one of the top sects in the Grand Xia Dynasty.
 Although they were not as strong as the Jade Pure Dao Sect, they were not too far off.
 Still, such a powerful sect was destroyed by someone overnight.
 The shock was even more intense and impactful than when he saw the appearance of the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 The shocking scene made it impossible to calm himself down for a long time.
 “Who did it? Could it be the Netherworld Demon Sect?”
 Perhaps only the Netherworld Demon Sect had the possibility of destroying the Heavenly Water Pavilion in a single night.
  But why would the Netherworld Demon Sect do so?
 The righteous and the demonic path were like fire and water that could not coexist, and they often clashed due to differing interests and ideals. Still, it was not to the extent of destroying an entire sect.
 Looking at the miserable state of the Heavenly Water Pavilion, it could only be described as insane and tragic.
 Unless it was a blood feud, no one would do such a thing.
 “Sect Master, there are survivors!” A disciple below shouted.
 Everyone quickly flew over. In the sea of corpses below, they discovered a few Heavenly Water Pavilion disciples who were still alive.
 After Perfected Yu Hua asked, he heard a terrifying name from the surviving disciple.
 “Demon child!”
Chapter 7: Simply Devilish  
 It was said that in ancient times, a barbarian tribe used a forbidden method in a bid to summon a god to descend into the world, only to summon out a terrifying demon baby.
 After the demon baby was born, a disaster befell this world.
 The demonic baby was extremely terrifying. It was bloodthirsty, and it enjoyed destruction and slaughter.
 After he was born, he slaughtered barbarian tribes one after another, feeding on their flesh and blood to grow into a stronger demon child.
 Then, the calamity swept through the entire world. For a time, life was in misery, and countless sects were destroyed.
 Later on, it was said that over a hundred mighty cultivators had burnt their Essence Souls as the price in order to seal it.
  No one had expected that this terrifying demonic child would reappear in the world again.
 Now that demons were rife in the world, the reappearance of the demon child was adding fuel to the fire.
 The world was probably going to experience another destructive calamity.
 Looking at the fate of the Heavenly Water Pavilion, Perfected Yu Hua seemed to see the fate of his sect, and chills went down his spine.
 Based on the words of the surviving disciple, Perfected Yu Hua understood that the sect master of the Heavenly Water Pavilion—Shan Ruoshui, had actually stimulated the tremendous power of the Sky Water Sword with her blood essence and Essence Soul as a sacrifice.
 However, she still could not kill the demon child. Even the Sky Water Sword was devoured by the demon child.
 Upon hearing this, Perfected Yu Hua sighed endlessly in his heart.
 Once Shan Ruoshui did that, it was practically equivalent to her soul dissipating.
 Not even some men could be as bold as her.
 He thought about how this person was only thirty years old back then and was  the sect master of the Heavenly Water Pavilion.
 Not only was she extraordinarily talented, but she was also unmatched in terms of looks.
 Perfected Yu Hua could not help but feel a sense of pity that she had died just like that, and her soul had even dissipated.
 The heavens were really jealous of heroic geniuses!
 The next day, the news of two consecutive events shook the entire Grand Xia Dynasty.
 The first was that the greater demon that wreaked havoc in the Qing Prefecture, Shi Potian, had been eliminated by a mysterious expert.
 When this news spread, it was truly satisfying. The entire country was excited as countless citizens rushed to spread the word and kowtowed to thank the mysterious expert who had done a big favor.
 However, soon, the news of the Heavenly Water Pavilion in the Qing Prefecture being destroyed by the Demon Child was like a basin of cold water, instantly extinguishing everyone’s joy.
 For a time, the world was shaken, and everyone was panicking. It was as if a new wave rose before the first wave subsided.
 Many male cultivators felt sorrow and pity for Shan Ruoshui’s death.
 They even felt that their youth was over.
 Shan Ruoshui was definitely the number one beauty in the cultivation world of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Over the years, countless people from the various large sects had a crush on her and pursued her madly.
 However, this frost beauty was dedicated to cultivation.
 Especially since she became the sect master, she strived to strengthen the sect.
 In ten years, she had developed the Heavenly Water Pavilion into a first-tier sect in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 However, who would have thought that such a heavenly, peerless beauty would die just like that?
 This made many people who had a crush on her feel extremely sad.
 Of course, apart from sorrow, everyone in the various large sects of the Great Xia Dynasty began to fear for their lives.
 They had heard of the infamous demon child.
 They were afraid that their sect would be next after the Heavenly Water Pavilion was destroyed.
 Of course, the person panicking the most was Zhu Xiaotian from the Zhu Family.
DiisCoover  Because these two things had once again broken the development trajectory of his memories from his previous life.
 Everything was developing in an unpredictable direction.
 He clearly remembered from his previous life that Shi Potian only appeared after the Divine Weapon Rankings were revealed. And obtaining the scarlet copper hammer helped him ascend to the 9th position, attracting the attention of various powers.
 Then, he was surrounded and beaten up by the various large factions. In the end, he was killed by the Jade Pure Dao Sect, while the scarlet copper hammer fell in the hands of the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 At that time, the Heavenly Water Pavilion was not destroyed, nor was there any demon child appearing.
 The Sky Water Sword of Shan Ruoshui, the sect master of the Heavenly Water Pavilion, was ranked fifth. She also obtained rich rewards from the rankings, allowing her strength to improve significantly.
 However, from yesterday onwards, the development of the situation became incomprehensible to him.
 What is going on? Who had killed Shi Potian? Where did this demonic child come from?  Could this be a chain reaction?  Is it because I didn’t become the first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings that everything went wrong?  Or is there something wrong with my memory?  Zhu Xiaotian began to doubt himself.
 “No, it must be because of that damned Li Yu. His appearance broke the balance!”
 Zhu Xiaotian did not think that those two events had anything to do with Li Yu.
 However, he felt that it all began when Li Yu had snatched his top spot. If Li Yu was eliminated, perhaps everything would return to the path he was familiar with…
 Right at this moment, a figure suddenly appeared behind Zhu Xiaotian.
 However, his figure seemed to fuse with Zhu Xiaotian’s shadow, preventing others from seeing his figure and appearance.
 This person was one of the top assassins of the Zhu family, Seven Steps.
 Within seven steps, his kill will be guaranteed.
 If this Heavenly Dao Rankings had a killer ranking, Seven Steps could absolutely rank in the top three.
 “Seven Steps, did you find that brat?” Zhu Xiaotian’s eyes brightened.
 Their Zhu family controlled the largest intelligence network and killer organization in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 It was not a problem to find and eliminate Li Yu.
 “Young Master, I found him. He’s in a Daoist temple in the Nine-tailed Mountain—Viper is waiting for Young Master’s orders and is prepared to attack at any time!” Seven Steps said in a low voice.
 The Viper he talked about was another top killer, a terrifying presence.
 The peak Aureate Body realm expert was even stronger than Seven Steps.
 His physical body was comparable to a spirit artifact, and his strength and speed were far beyond peak Golden Core cultivators.
 With his extremely fast sword drawing technique, even a Nascent Soul Stage cultivator might not survive an attack from Viper.
 , countless Nascent Soul cultivators had died in his hands.
 “Okay, let him do it. Don’t forget to bring it back!” said Zhu Xiaotian.
 He was still confident with Viper’s help.
 “Yes!” As Seven Steps spoke, his figure disappeared again.
 …
 Nine-tailed Mountain. Within the Daoist temple of That’s Quite A Large Sect.
 A group of bandits dragged their two broken legs. They were disabled but determined, and they supported each other while leaning on each other.
 They fully utilized their team’s cooperative spirit and worked hard to repair the damaged buildings of the Daoist temple.
 The scene was actually a little… touching.
 Li Yu sat at the side, drinking tea and supervising the work, seeming carefree.
 He naturally would not pity this group of mountain bandits who committed mass murders and all sorts of crime.
 Li Yu had heard of their infamy countless times.
 These guys had hands stained with blood. There were at least eight hundred innocent people and families harmed by them.
 Breaking their legs was  considered light punishment. Even if Li Yu had broken all their bones, it probably could not offset the sins they had committed.
 “Hurry up! After the repairs, we’ll be building two new houses in the south. These chores are all yours. When you are done, that’s when you can rest!” Li Yu said as he drank his tea.
 Zhou Erlang really wanted to cry.?F*ck, now he wants to build a house?  He really did not treat them as humans.
 Zhou Erlang was filled with regret now. How could he have been so rash as to rob this kid?
  Not only did he not manage to snatch the item, he even threw himself into this mess.
 Moreover, Li Yu was simply a devil.
 Not only did he get them to repair their houses and work as laborers, he even broke their legs and meridians.
 Now, they have become crippled.
 Despite the hatred in his heart, he was powerless to resist. He could only listen to Li Yu and obediently serve as labor.
 “Big Brother, why aren’t you here yet? I can’t hold on much longer!” Zhou Erlang looked into the distance with tears in his eyes.
 At this moment, a huge flying spirit beast flew over from the sky and soon arrived above the Daoist temple.
 …
Chapter 8: Ye Qiu’s Visit, A Fated Encounter  
 A person was standing on the back of the flying spirit beast. He was tall and straight, and he held a silver spear in his hand. He was assertive and handsome. His face seemed carved by a knife, and there was a hint of domineering aura between his brows.
 This person was none other than Ye Qiu.
 Ye Qiu’s appearance instantly attracted the attention of everyone in the Daoist temple.
 Li Yu remained calm as he looked at Ye Qiu.
 “Is Li Yu here?” Ye Qiu looked down with a powerful voice.
 “They are quick to find me.” Li Yu sighed, then he stood up. “What do you need?”
  “I’m Ye Clan of Nan’an City—Ye Qiu. I’m ranked fourth on the Hidden Dragon Rankings. I’m here to have a taste of your skill today!” Ye Qiu’s gaze was like lightning.
 His entire aura was like an unsheathed blade that was sharp and overflowing with battle intent.
 Li Yu had long guessed that there would be challengers unconvinced of his ranking, and he was not surprised in the slightest.
 It was easy to deal with such a person. He only needed to teach him a lesson.
 However, right at that moment, an interface popped up in front of Li Yu.
 It was a detailed introduction of Ye Qiu. His gender, height, weight, hobbies, and cultivation realm were shown.
 His weapon was the Azure Dragon Spear. His body tempering cultivation technique—Profound Yang Tyrant Body Art, cultivated to the sixth tier. His martial technique was the Wandering Dragon Tyrant Art at the fourth tier.
 What shocked Li Yu more was that…
 There was a row of large red words at the bottom of Ye Qiu’s information panel.
 [This person can activate the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s Hidden Treasure mission.]
 Damn, there’s even such a function! This is getting ridiculous.  Li Yu increasingly felt that his system was not as simple as it seemed.
 Since the system told him that he could use this person to open some Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s treasure mission,
 This meant that this person was valuable to him, and he was fated to meet him.
 In that case, he would be merciful later on and ensure he did not beat him to death!
 Li Yu looked at Ye Qiu and was about to use the Curtain Lotus Sect’s ultimate technique on him: Come at?me!1  Suddenly, a commotion sounded from the foot of the mountain. It was Zhou Dalang charging over with a group of bandits.
 They came in a menacing fashion as if they wanted to flatten the Daoist temple.
 “Um… wait a moment. I have a small problem that I need to resolve first!” Li Yu said to Ye Qiu.
 “Do you need my help?” Ye Qiu could also tell that the people rushing over from below were probably a group of vicious bandits. A sense of righteousness could not help but rise in his heart.
 “It’s fine. I can handle it by myself!” Li Yu took another sip of tea and leisurely walked to the Daoist temple’s door.
 At that moment, the shouts of Zhou Dalang and the bandits could be heard from outside the door. “Li Yu, you better get out here now!”
 Zhou Erlang knew that his older brother had brought help here and was immediately overjoyed. He thought that he was saved.
 Seeing that Li Yu had  walked out of the Taoist temple, he looked at everyone and secretly put down his work before crawling towards the door.
 When Li Yu walked out the door, the mountain bandits had  surrounded the Daoist temple so tightly that not a drop of water could trickle through.
 The leader, Zhou Dalang, had confirmed from the subordinate who had returned that the person in front of him was Li Yu. He shouted sternly, “Punk, where is my brother? Hurry up and let them go. And I can spare your life!”
 “Did you bring the silver?” Li Yu folded his arms and asked instead of answering.
 “Humph, it has always been me who asks others for money. No one has ever dared to ask me for silver!” Zhou Dalang roared.
 When he heard his subordinate return this morning to say that Li Yu wanted five thousand taels, he was furious.
 If you opened your mouth to ask for five thousand taels, why don’t you just rob for it?  Furthermore, in his opinion, even if this boy’s strength was extraordinary, he was at most at the initial stage of the Golden Core Realm.
 Zhou Dalang had the strength of a middle-stage Aureate Body Realm martial artist. It must be more than enough to deal with that brat.
 Therefore, he brought more than a hundred people here to take revenge today and kidnap this money tree back at the same time.
 “So you didn’t bring it. In that case, you can die!” Li Yu clenched his fists, stomped his feet, and instantly sped off.
 He was so quick that no one could catch a glimpse of his figure.
 When Zhou Dalang snapped out of his daze, he felt as if a meteor had struck his chest.
 The powerful blow made him feel as if his soul had been punched out.
 He even saw his corpse fly into the air.
 Then, nothing.
 At the same time, Zhou Erlang, who had just crawled to the door and was about to call out to his older brother, suddenly stopped.
 He happened to witness his older brother being punched to the sky by Li Yu.
 He immediately turned around and silently crawled back while his entire body was drenched in a cold sweat.
 Li Yu did not choose to use his sword to deal with these bandits.
 Firstly, these minions were not worthy of him drawing his sword.
 Secondly, he did not want their blood and corpses to dirty the ground in front of his Daoist temple.
 So using his fist to shatter their organs was simple and environmentally friendly.
 He could also directly send their corpses out of the Nine-tailed Mountain while he was at it, simply killing two birds with one stone.
 Bang! Bang! Bang!
 One bandit after another was blasted into the sky by Li Yu like cannonballs.
 In the end, they turned into black dots that disappeared into the horizon.
 Li Yu controlled his strength very precisely. He ensured that while he killed those bandits, he could also allow their trajectories… uh, flight path to form a perfect parabola.
 They happened to fly out of the range of Nine-tailed Mountain and accurately landed at the mouth of Xishui Village, located a few kilometers away.
 At that moment, the villagers were busy in the fields. They saw figures falling from the sky and falling by the side of the village.
 The villagers rushed to the village entrance in shock. When they took a closer look at the corpses’ clothes, they were overjoyed.
 “It’s, it’s those bandits from Black Bear Mountain!”
 “Those mountain bandits have finally been killed!”
 “Thank you, God, for eliminating the bandits for us!”
 “My son’s spirit in heaven can now rest in peace!”
 The villagers knelt on the ground excitedly and kowtowed to the air.
 They had all been persecuted by the Juyi Hall. Other than robbery, some had family members who died in the hands of these mountain bandits, some had daughters abducted by the bandits, and there was no news of them at all.
 Today, they witnessed that the mountain bandits were beaten to death mercilessly.
 They could finally vent the hatred in their hearts.
 On the Nine-tailed Mountain, Ye Qiu watched as those bandits were sent to the west by a single punch from Li Yu. The corners of his eyes seemed to be twitching non-stop as a chill ran down his spine.
 Fortunately, he did not fight him just now. Otherwise, he would probably be the one sent to heaven right now!
 Ye Qiu felt some lingering fear.
 He had never known what fear was.
 In the past, when he fought in martial arts, even if he encountered someone stronger than him, he had never been afraid.
  However, at this moment, when facing Li Yu who possessed unfathomable strength, he became a little cowardly.
 To be able to punch someone until they disappeared without a trace, what sort of horrifying power was that?
 It was probably the same for his father in the Transcendence realm.
 Could it be that this guy had  reached the Nascent Soul realm or the Body Tempering Transcendent realm?
 How could he compete with that?
 He was on a completely different level from that freak.
 It was like a baby challenging a grown man who could make you cry just by flicking your head.
 …
Chapter 9: The New Junior Brother is the Demon Child?  
 “The last one!”
 Bang!
 After sending the last bandit on his way up, Li Yu slapped his hands.
 His expression was typical, his breathing was calm, and there was no sweat on his forehead.
 It was as if those bandits had flown up by themselves earlier on.
 However, right when he was about to count his prize, a bright light suddenly flashed in his eyes, and his figure vanished on the spot again.
  When he reappeared, he was  on the dark side of the forest to the side.
 “Hmph, there’s actually someone who slipped through the net!” Li Yu said as he looked at the person who had completely fused with the tree shadow.
 Li Yu did not know if this guy was in cahoots with Zhou Dalang, but judging from his wretched appearance, he knew that he was not a good person.
 The fellow seemed to be wearing an Invisibility Cloak that blended in with the ground and a mask.
 He was the killer sent by Zhu Xiaotian with a name that struck terror into countless hearts—Viper.
 Viper had just received the order and was planning to attack at night.
 However, as he saw the large group of mountain bandits heading up the mountain aggressively, he came along to check on the situation.
 After all, he had to ensure Li Yu’s death, and the Heavenly Spirit Pill and the Chongming Bird had to be present.
 Hence, he had been hiding in the dark to observe the situation.
 As a top killer, hiding his aura and figure was fundamental.
 And he was the best in this aspect.
 The various concealment techniques he cultivated could even turn him into a stone without breathing, heartbeat, or temperature.
 He could hide on the spot without moving for several days that even a Nascent Soul realm expert passing by nearby would never discover him.
 However, he never imagined that the concealment technique he took pride in would be easily seen through by Li Yu.
 This!  Viper’s hair stood up as a bone-chilling cold arose.
 Instinctively, he attacked without hesitation.
 He specialized in drawing his sword. When he drew his sword, he could instantly take someone’s life. He was as quick as lightning and could kill with a single strike.
 However, this time, his sword was snatched away by Li Yu before it could be drawn.
 At the same time, he received a solid punch to the chest.
 He was a martial arts body cultivator, and the strength of his physical body was comparable to a spirit artifact.
 Still, despite that, his breastbone was shattered by the power of Li Yu’s punch, and his organs were reduced to slime.
 The top killer of the Great Xia Dynasty, Viper, is dead!
 …
 “This sword looks pretty good!”
 Li Yu looked at the sword in his hand, which was as thin as a cicada’s wing and was about two feet long.
 The sword emitted a faint halo while the sword Qi seemed to be breathing. It felt extraordinary.
 “Ding… successful collection of the Cicada Sword!”
 The system’s voice sounded.
 At the same time, the mission progress of the divine weapon collection became 2 / 20.
 “Aha!” Li Yu was pleasantly surprised. He did not expect how easy it was to collect another divine weapon.
 As for the group of bandits earlier, they did not have any decent treasures on them. However, he did manage to obtain a lot of silver.
  Furthermore, Li Yu planned to bring Zhou Erlang to Black Bear Mountain to plunder after he was done with the renovation of the Daoist temple.
 Li Yu put away the treasures he had looted from the bandits.
 When he returned to the Daoist temple again, they saw Zhou Erlang and the group of bandits working as if they were on steroids.
 Their movements were clean and efficient, and their speed was more than two times faster than before.
 “Everyone, work harder. Even if you don’t eat, drink, or sleep today, you must build the house properly. You can’t let the Daoist priest down!” Zhou Erlang shouted.
 Li Yu nodded in satisfaction. This child was worth teaching.
 “You’re… Ye Qiu, right? You want to spar with me?” Li Yu looked at the stunned Ye Qiu.
 “Uh… about that…” Ye Qiu panicked, not knowing what to do.
 If he sparred, he would not even have a chance to counter a single hit from Li Yu. He might even become crippled for life.
 If he backed out, it was too embarrassing to admit defeat.
 However, right at this moment, a yell sounded from outside. “Senior Brother, Senior Brother, I’m back!”
 Li Yu turned to look at the door of the Daoist temple and saw Tang Chi rush in excitedly.
 Tang Chi was actually six years older than Li Yu, but he was the last to enter the sect. In terms of seniority, Li Yu was definitely his senior brother.
 “Senior Brother, Senior Brother, when I was climbing up the mountain just now, I saw many people flying overhead. I wonder what happened in the west that so many cultivators flew there!” Tang Chi said in surprise.
 Then, his gaze was attracted by the group of hardworking mountain bandits.
 “Master is really… He actually hired a group of disabled people to work, all to save money. Sigh… he’s the only one I know who could think of that!” Tang Chi shook his head and sighed.
 “Oh yes, Senior Brother, I recruited a new junior brother for our sect on the way back…” Tang Chi pointed at the child who walked in behind him with a smug expression.
 This child looked seven or eight years old, but there was a hint of… evilness from his countenance.
 His eyes were not as innocent as a child’s. Instead, they were filled with coldness and cruelty.
 Li Yu frowned.
 There is something wrong with this kid.  He was definitely not an ordinary kid. To be precise, he was not a child at all.
 “Kid, is this the big sect you’re talking about?” The child looked at the Daoist temple with two buildings and could not help but reveal a disappointed expression as he said with an old tone.
 Tang Chi did not mind hearing the child call him a kid.
 He had called him that along the way, despite Tang Chi’s attempts to teach him how to address an older person.
 However, this child clearly did not have much upbringing and refused to change. He could not be bothered to care anymore.
 After all, it was  a blessing to have someone willing to enter their sect. Why would Tang Chi care about all the red tape?
 “That’s right. Our Daoist temple might not be big, but it’s filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. If you cultivate here, you are guaranteed a limitless future!” Tang Chi said shamelessly.
 Li Yu wanted to praise his junior brother for his thick skin.
 His ability to lie through his teeth was so superb that even Li Yu felt inferior in this aspect.
 However, it was clear that his junior brother had duped a fella that he shouldn’t have provoked today.
 Li Yu did not speak. He pulled Tang Chi behind him and stared at the child.
  Indeed, before Tang Chi could finish his sentence, an extremely terrifying smile surfaced on the child’s lips as his eyes suddenly turned bloodthirsty red.
 “Well, let me see what kind of expert you’re hiding here. Hahaha, the Heavenly Water Pavilion is so boring. A thousand people can’t even fight me. It’s no fun!”
 The child suddenly let out a creepy laugh and jumped into the air.
 Demonic Qi surged out and enveloped the entire Daoist temple as if the sky was falling down on it.
 The terrifying pressure caused the bandits in the Daoist temple to collapse on the ground, unable to move.
 Tang Chi also knelt on the ground with a plop, his face filled with fear and cold sweat.
 He would never have thought that the Little Junior Brother he duped along the way was actually a… great demon!
 …
Chapter 10: Is He Even a Human?  
 Thud!
 The spirit beast beside Ye Qiu was also like a bird startled by the twang of a bow. It fell from the sky and lay on the ground, unable to move.
 As for Ye Qiu, even though he could barely support himself to stand, he felt as if a mountain was pressing down on his chest, and he was unable to breathe. He could not even muster up any strength.
 At the moment, he was absolutely shocked. He never imagined encountering the Demon Child who destroyed the Heavenly Water Pavilion here.
 On the way here, while he was resting and drinking tea in Qingyang City, he heard the surrounding people talking about the destruction of the Heavenly Water Pavilion by the demon child.
 At that time, he was shocked, but he also doubted the authenticity of the news.
  Now, however, he could feel the pressure and aura emitted by the demonic child.
 Ye Qiu now believed that the demon child was the only one who could have destroyed Heavenly Water Pavilion.
 He was too terrifying!
 Although he looked like a child, he was like an insurmountable mountain that was impossible to defy.
 He was also like a demon god that had descended into the world, causing one’s heart to tremble and one’s body to go cold.
 Ye Qiu was like an ant in front of him, a lone boat in the middle of a raging storm. His heart was filled with despair and fear.
 He knew that he was probably going to die today.
 Although he knew that Li Yu was powerful, this demon child was a monster who had just destroyed the entire Heavenly Water Pavilion alone.
 Probably no one in the entire Great Xia Dynasty was his match, let alone the 17-year-old Li Yu.
 Surely all of them would die today.
 At this moment, Li Yu also had a trace of surprise on his face.
 However, he was not surprised by how terrifying and powerful this demonic child was.
 The system interface popped up in front of him again.
 There was information regarding the demon child on it.
 At the bottom were the bold red words: [You can obtain 15 Prestige Points by killing the Demon Child.]
 He had killed Shi Potian for only 3 points and 1 point for killing those bandits from the Juyi Hall.
 And this demonic child was  worth 15 prestige points.
 Holy shit, so this is a big boss.     

  Li Yu instantly became serious.
 Thud!
 Under this torrential demonic pressure, Ye Qiu finally could not withstand it anymore and knelt on the ground.
 He felt as if his body was about to collapse. It was as if the pressure was sufficient to crush him to death.
 Meanwhile, Tang Chi and the bandits could not withstand the pressure anymore and faint.
 In an instant, only Li Yu remained standing on the spot without moving.
 The Demon Child looked at Li Yu in surprise, his eyes revealing a trace of excitement.
 He could actually stand firm under my presence. This brat got some strength.  “Hahaha, I never expected that there would be a surprise in this inconspicuous Daoist temple. Kid, you are outstanding. I’m going to kill you! ”
 The demon child’s smile became even more ferocious and terrifying.
 He liked to kill, but he preferred to kill experts.
 Stepping on ants was definitely different from the pleasure of killing a dragon.
 Therefore, seeing that Li Yu seemed powerful, the demon child was truly incomparably excited.
 He felt that he could finally have some fun and slowly torture this kid to death.
 Eat his meat, drink his blood, and devour his soul…
 The more the demonic child thought about it, the more excited he became. His laughter became increasingly sharp and sinister, like a demon from the netherworld that gave one the creeps.
 Li Yu didn’t say a word as he withdrew the sword behind him, and his figure instantly vanished on the spot.
 As the air exploded, Li Yu seemed to contain the power of heaven and earth as he pressed down on the demon child.
 The demon child’s laughter stopped abruptly as his expression changed drastically. He hurriedly retreated as a sense of death that he had never felt before arose.
 Although Li Yu did not release any magic power or aura, it still gave him a palpitating pressure.
 Fear.
 This was a feeling he had never experienced before. Ever since he was born, he had never experienced what fear was. He had always been the one who brought fear, death, and destruction to others.
 However, the moment Li Yu rushed over, he sensed it.
 It was an instinctive fear.
 This person was superior and more terrifying than him…
 Bang!
 Li Yu swung his sword. It was an ordinary strike, but it shook heaven and earth.
 A black rift was torn open in the space, and it was like a black bolt of lightning that instantly swept towards the demonic child.
 The demon child’s blood eyes widened as all the hair on his body stood up. A bone-chilling cold swept through his body.
 The shadow of death pressed down like a giant hand from the heavens. He suddenly experienced the feelings of those he had killed.
 “No, don’t…”
     

 He cried out in terror, wanting to escape, but he was instantly enveloped by the sword’s blast. The terrifying destructive power immediately tore apart the domain around him, tearing apart his body and the entire sky.
 Boom!
 The void was like a shattered mirror as it collapsed. Countless cracks spread as the surrounding space began to collapse. The terrifying devouring power sucked the demon child, torn apart by the sword’s blast, into it.
 The Demon Child’s broken body transformed into countless ferocious ghosts. He screamed miserably and struggled to escape.
 However, a black pearl and a small translucent sword surfaced from the demon child’s dispersed body.
 Li Yu’s eyes flashed as he sped over and grabbed the two items.
 “Ding… successful collection of natural oddities: Demon Spirit Pearl.”
 “Ding… successful collection of divine weapon: Sky Water Sword.”
 The system’s voice sounded.
 At the same time, the collection of natural oddities increased to 1 / 10.
 The mission progress of the divine weapon collection became 3 / 20.
 Delight surfaced in Li Yu’s eyes. He did not expect this Boss to drop such good items, helping him obtain two treasures at once.
 In the sky, the terrifying space devouring power sucked the demon child’s body and demonic qi into the collapsed space and disappeared.
 Soon, the collapsed space rapidly recovered. When the sky returned to normal, everything calmed down.
 With the demon child dead, the demonic aura dissipated, the suppression disappeared.
 Ye Qiu, who had a mountain of pressure on him, felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders. He was like a drowning person who had climbed onto the shore and finally caught his breath.
 His face was still filled with shock and fear.
DiisCoover  However, it was no longer because of the demon child. It was because of Li Yu.
 Li Yu’s sword had actually shattered the sky.
 The Demon Child, who had annihilated the entire Heavenly Water Pavilion, had actually been insta-killed by him.
 Is he even human?  The shock in Ye Qiu’s heart could no longer be described with words.
 When he looked at Li Yu again, he was left with reverence and admiration for him.
 Ye Qiu had always been a proud person. Born with extraordinary talent, he felt that he was the chosen one.
 He had never submitted to anyone, nor did he admire anyone before.
 In his opinion, as long as he worked hard, he could surpass and defeat anyone.
  At the moment, though, after facing Li Yu, his pride collapsed, and his confidence had dispersed.
 This person’s powers seemed to be something he could never surpass no matter how hard he tried.
 He finally understood why the Heavenly Dao Rankings would bestow an additional reward to Li Yu.
 After all, Li Yu was not on the same level as ordinary people like him.
 Li Yu was on the Hidden Dragon Rankings only because he was in the same age group.
 If there was a power ranking, he would probably rank top too.
 In the entire Xia Dynasty, or even in this world, there was probably no one who could compete with him.
 …
    
Chapter 11: I Want to Be Your Student  
 “Sigh, I thought that you were something. In the end, you still couldn’t withstand my strike. That’s just boring!” Li Yu put away his sword and spoke with slight disappointment.
 When he looked at that demonic child just now, he felt that he was simply a powerful demon that was unmatched in the world.
 In the end, he was the same as Shi Potian, unable to withstand a single blow!
 At least it was a pleasant surprise to find two treasures.
 “Hey, Junior Brother, wake up!” Li Yu patted Tang Chi.
 Tang Chi sat up in a daze, his eyes glazed. He then grabbed Li Yu’s hand and said, “Senior Brother, I just had a terrifying nightmare. I dreamed that I brought back a demon from outside who wanted to kill us. It was scary…”
  “Okay, you’re confused. The floor is cold. Get back in and sleep!” Li Yu patted Tang Chi’s shoulder.
 It was obvious that Tang Chi had been too shaken up. He probably needed to rest and recover.
 “Oh, right!” Tang Chi nodded blankly and walked towards his residence.
 At this moment, Ye Qiu suddenly walked over and knelt on the ground, giving Li Yu a huge fright.
 Just as he was wondering, Ye Qiu cupped his hands and spoke with a serious expression, “Please accept me as your disciple, Master Li!”
 Ye Qiu wanted to take Li Yu as his master from the bottom of his heart.
 Although Li Yu was a year younger than him, the strong reigned supreme.
 With Li Yu’s abilities just now, it was more than enough to become his father’s master.
 Moreover, judging from the battle just now, Li Yu was clearly not a cultivator, but more like a martial practitioner, and he was at the pinnacle of it.
 If he could obtain Li Yu’s guidance, perhaps he could become an expert like him in the future.
 “Huh?” Li Yu was slightly bewildered, even though he did intend to trick Ye Qiu into joining his sect earlier.
     

 After all, he was an elite ranked fourth on the Heavenly Dao Rankings, so his talent should be considered outstanding.
 The system required the recruitment of a thousand disciples, of which ten must be exceptional.
 Ye Qiu should be able to meet the system’s requirements.
 However, Li Yu did not expect that while he wanted him to be his junior brother, he wanted him to be his master.
 “Haha, we’re similar in age. It’s not right to take me as your master, right?” Li Yu laughed. Although he wanted Ye Qiu to join their sect, it was better to forget about making himself a master.
 “In martial arts, strength has always reigned supreme! Age has nothing to do with this!” Ye Qiu’s words were sonorous, and his gaze was firm.
 “Well, I can understand how you feel, but I don’t have anything to teach you. If you want to find a master, you can become my father’s disciple. He taught me everything I knew!” Li Yu said in a serious tone.
 He wasn’t lying about the first half of his sentence. He really did not have anything to teach Ye Qiu.
 Though his father did have something up his sleeves.
 His father had not taught a decent disciple for the past ten years.
 However, according to him, it was due to the fact that this group of disciples had low talent and were unable to comprehend or cultivate the cultivation technique he taught them.
 Ye Qiu thought for a moment and felt that it was reasonable. If this Li Yu was so strong, his father must be something else as well.
 Becoming his disciple and Li Yu’s senior brother was not a bad alternative.
 “Alright, then may I ask where my master is? I’ll pay my respects to him right now!” Ye Qiu directly changed his words. He really did not treat himself as an outsider.
 “My father went out for a vacation and will probably be back soon. However, Junior Brother, I have to tell you in advance that our sect has a rule. You have to pay the sect fee to become my disciple!” Li Yu said.
 Seeing that Ye Qiu was taking the initiative, how could he not kill him?
 Furthermore, judging from his attire and the flying spiritual beast mount, he seemed to be from a wealthy family.
 “I understand. How much is the fee?” Ye Qiu asked.
 “That’ll depend on how sincere you are. Anyway, that Junior Brother Tang handed over a hundred taels when he first joined, and his cultivation level is at the late stage of the Qi Refinement realm now.” Li Yu said with a sly smile.
 “I understand. Don’t worry, Senior Brother. I promise to make you, uh, make my master satisfied!” Ye Qiu was smart and naturally knew what Li Yu meant.
 “Oh, and if your relatives and friends also want to enter our sect, you can introduce them to us.
 “If you bring one along, the two of you can enjoy a 10% discount on your sect fees. If you bring two, each person could enjoy a 20% discount on their sect fees. If you bring three, you can all enjoy a 30% discount, if you bring four, 40% discount, and so on. You can enjoy a maximum of 70% discount!” Li Yu said.
 As the saying went, everything could be bought by splitting the bill, and recruiting disciples was no exception.
     

 The corners of Ye Qiu’s mouth twitched. If he had not just witnessed Li Yu’s terrifying strength, he would have thought that this was a sect that scammed money.
 “Cough cough, junior brother will do his best to publicize it for our sect!” Ye Qiu cupped his hands and said.
 Li Yu nodded. “Right, our sect has changed its name. In the future, it’ll be called…”
 Li Yu pondered for a moment. He couldn’t wait for his father to come back. He had to settle this himself.
 His father’s name was Li Qingyun, so he might as well be called Qingyun Sect.
 “Qingyun Sect!” Li Yu said word by word.
 “Rise up beyond the clear sky, Qingyun Sect. Okay, this is a good name!” Ye Qiu nodded. Compared to the previous unusual name, Qingyun Sect sounded much more imposing.
 …
 At night, in the Zhu family mansion, the Inquiry Pavilion.
 Zhu Xiaotian stood at the top of the observatory, gazing at the countless stars.
 As a star fell from the sky, the corners of his mouth curled up.
 Judging from the time, Viper should have  taken action. The threat was finally going to be eliminated.
 He turned to the east and looked at the even more dazzling Heavenly Dao Rankings in the night. He waited for Li Yu’s name to vanish from the first position.
 Before long, a figure suddenly appeared behind him. It was Seven Steps.
 “Young Master!”
 Zhu Xiaotian turned around with an expectant look. He was about to ask about the results when he heard Seven Steps say, “Young Master! Viper has failed!”
 “What? Fail? How is that possible?” The smile that had just appeared on Zhu Xiaotian’s lips turned into shock and disbelief.
  “When Viper’s corpse was discovered, it was with the corpses of a group of bandits. It is said that those corpses flew from afar to the entrance of Xishui Village. Viper was the same as those bandits, as he was forced to death by an extremely terrifying force. His breastbone, organs, and meridians were all shattered, killed by a single strike!” Seven Steps’ deep voice was like a death knell.
 Every word ruthlessly struck Zhu Xiaotian’s mind, causing a buzzing sound to echo.
 “A single strike!” Zhu Xiaotian was shocked.
 Viper was a top martial arts expert, and his body was comparable to a spirit artifact. With the ability to shatter all his meridians and bones with a single strike, how terrifying would the power of the person who killed him be?
 Moreover, Viper had never failed, so how could his whereabouts be exposed this time? And he even became thrown together with the corpses of a group of bandits.
 Strange, it’s too bizarre.  Perhaps a peerless expert was hidden in that measly small sect?  The thought that Viper was killed by Li Yu never came across Zhu Xiaotian.
    
Chapter 12: The Arrival of Two Major Sects  
 “Is Viper’s sword still with him?” Zhu Xiaotian asked.
 That Cicada Sword was a high-grade spirit sword, the divine weapon ranked thirteenth on the Great Xia Dynasty’s Divine Weapon Rankings in his previous life.
 “Viper’s sword was  gone when we found his corpse.”
 Zhu Xiaotian’s face was grim. He had suffered heavy losses this time. Viper was dead, and his spirit sword had been robbed.
 “Young Master, do you need me to do it personally?” Seven Steps asked in a low voice.
 Zhu Xiaotian was silent for a moment before he shook his head. “Hold on. I have another plan!”
  Zhu Xiaotian was well aware that the various factions were close to finding Li Yu. They would probably come knocking on his door tomorrow and send people to secretly monitor him.
 He had  missed the best opportunity, and Viper’s death had  alerted him, so it was probably more difficult to kill Li Yu.
 It might even expose him!
 He did not want to get himself into trouble.
 As a reborn person, he should be the big shot behind the scenes, and he had to be more patient.
 He had been too rash previously.
 He was not the only person in the world who wanted Li Yu to die.
 Why don’t I wait for good news?  Furthermore, it was safer to get someone else to do it than him.
 Upon hearing Zhu Xiaotian’s words, Seven Steps secretly heaved a sigh of relief.
 He was ready to sacrifice for his mission as an assassin, but no one was willing to die out of instinct.
 Even Viper had failed, and he would probably not be able to return had Zhu Xiaotian sent him.
 …
 Nan’an City, Eastern Palace.
 “So it’s in Qing Prefecture’s Luo Water Town!” Murong Xingqiao was overjoyed when he got the news from his subordinate.
 Immediately, he called for Imperial Tutor Wu Cheng.
 “Immediately send someone to the Grand Tutor’s Mansion and tell them that they’ve found him. Accompany me tomorrow at six in the morning,” Murong Xingqiao said.
 “Yes, Your Highness!” Wu Cheng cupped his hands.
 At the same time, the Third Prince of the Great Xia Dynasty, Murong Taisheng, and the Fifth Prince, Murong Zhengnan; As well as the various marquis factions, such as the Pingnan King’s Yi family, the North Garrison King’s Luo family, and others—they all received news of Li Yu’s whereabouts.
 However, at the moment, Li Yu was in the Juyi Hall of Black Bear Mountain.
 He dealt with the remaining bandits in the village alone and obtained a lot of gold, silver, and treasures.
 He also rescued the women and laborers who had been abducted by the bandits.
 As for Zhou Erlang and the others, they were sent off to reunite with Zhou Dalang.
 After all, Tang Chi had  returned. Leaving those bandits in the Daoist temple would inevitably lead to trouble. It might even threaten Tang Chi’s safety.
 Now that he had the money he had plundered from the bandits, he could hire actual craftsmen to expand the Daoist temple.
 After all, there were specializations in every profession. The work of these mountain bandits was too low in standard.
 The night passed uneventfully…
 The first ray of sunlight in the morning sprinkled over the land on the official road to Luo Water Town.
 More than ten disciples of the Jade Pure Dao Sect were splitting up to inquire about the news of That’s Quite A Big Sect.
 “Hello, uncle, I have something to ask you.” A handsome, frosty-looking man stopped an uncle carrying two baskets of vegetables.
 This man was the fifth place on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, the number one genius of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, Lin Chen.
 After some investigation yesterday, Elder Hu and the others had  narrowed the area where Li Yu was located to the vicinity of Luo Water Town.
 Therefore, early in the morning, Elder Hu led everyone to split up in the village near Luo Water Town to continue inquiring about Li Yu’s whereabouts.
 Lin Chen had just come over to meet up with Elder Hu and the rest this morning.
 He wanted to see what sort of person this Li Yu was.
 As the current number one prodigy of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, he was also the most valued disciple.
 Lin Chen did not have a good impression of Li Yu in his heart.
 To be precise, he was jealous.
 This was especially true when the Sect Master had the intention to take Li Yu under his wing.
  He was extremely displeased.
 If this fellow was recruited into their Jade Pure Dao Sect, his own status would definitely plummet.
 The future number one genius of the sect would be Li Yu.
 He was afraid that most of the cultivation resources and attention would be focused on him.
 By that time, he would only be a green leaf.
 So he wished for nothing more than to never find Li Yu.
 “Please speak, sir!” the old man said amiably.
 “Have you heard of That’s Quite a Large Sect?” Lin Chen asked.
 “Which sect?” The old man looked at Lin Chen in surprise.
 “That’s Quite a Large Sect!” Lin Chen said.
 “Yes, I know. Which sect is it?” The old man asked again.
 “That’s Quite a Large Sect!”
 “…”
 “That sect’s name is That’s Quite a Large Sect!”
 The old man looked at Lin Chen as if he were a fool, then shook his head and said, “I’ve never heard of it!”
 Lin Chen cursed “That’s Quite a Large Sect” in his heart.
 However, right at this moment, a senior brother flew over from a distance, and he shouted excitedly, “Elder Hu, I heard that it’s on Nine-tailed Mountain that’s 10 plus kilometers to the west of Luo Water Town!”
 “That’s great!” Elder Hu was overjoyed and immediately led everyone to fly towards the Nine-tailed Mountain.
 However, they did not fly far before Elder Hu saw a group of people flying over from another direction. It was the members from the Great Sky Dao Sect.
 The person in the lead was the person he least wanted to see—Jia Qinglin.
 “Dammit, this old fellow is here as well!” Elder Hu frowned immediately.
 He did not have to think to know that the Great Sky Dao Sect had surely arrived to look for Li Yu.
 Moreover, based on the direction they were flying in, it was obviously Nine-tailed Mountain.
 Jia Qinglin noticed the members of the Jade Pure Dao Sect as well.
 Jia Qinglin did not say anything and started speeding up. His figure transformed into a ray of light, speeding towards the direction of the Nine-tailed Mountain with the fastest speed, leaving the group of disciples behind.
 “Humph, you want to compete in speed with me?” Elder Hu snorted. “Thunder Dash Art!”
 Elder Hu was not to be outdone. He, too, transformed into a bolt of lightning that pursued closely.
 Only the disciples of the two sects looked at each other, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
 Actually, they were  used to it.
 Although Elder Hu and Elder Jia were both Sect Elders, it was as if they were facing off against each other every time they met.
 The two did not have any deep hatred, while some say they were from the same hometown.
 Still, the two of them had liked to compete since they were young, comparing height and strength.
 Despite their age, it was still the same.
 Every time they bumped into each other, arguments were unavoidable, and there were even times when they fought.
 “Jia, you old prick, I will definitely get there before you!”
 “I won’t say that if I were you!” Elder Hu and Elder Jia could be said to have brought out their best as they madly rushed towards the Nine-tailed Mountain as if their lives depended on it.
 Before long, the two of them flew to the top of the Nine-tailed Mountain and rushed into the Daoist temple.
 Li Yu was sleeping in his room while Tang Chi was practicing alone in the yard.
 Tang Chi was definitely much more hardworking than Li Yu in cultivation.
  “Where is Li Yu?” Elder Hu shouted as soon as they entered the temple.
 Elder Jia echoed as well.
 The two of them had a race, and their faces were turning red from exhaustion.
 Coupled with the fact that they were competing with each other, they gnashed their teeth with a scary look on their faces.
 They did not seem to be here to recruit talent but to seek revenge.
 Tang Chi almost pissed his pants.
 He had just experienced the incident with the demon child yesterday and had not recovered from that yet.
 …
Chapter 13: Li Yu’s Choice  
 “May I know why you two seniors are looking for my senior brother?” Tang Chi asked nervously.
 Meanwhile, Li Yu was awoken by the shouts of the two elders, and he walked out of his room while rubbing his drowsy eyes.
 “Who’s looking for me?” Li Yu asked while yawning.
 “You are Li Yu? Greetings, I am Hu Dongshan, an elder of the Jade Pure Dao Sect. I have come especially today…”
 “Hey, hey, first come first serve! I arrived first, so I should be the one introducing myself!” Elder Jia grabbed Elder Hu and exclaimed indignantly.
 “What do you mean you came first? I clearly arrived first!” Elder Hu said indignantly.
  “Are you kidding me? I’m a little bit faster than you, okay?”
 “You’re still so unreasonable, old man!”
 “Who’s being unreasonable? It was obviously our Great Sky Dao Sect that found Li Yu first. You shamelessly followed me here!” Elder Jia roared.
 “Haha, you sure know how to joke. Everyone from my Jade Pure Dao Sect arrived in Luo Water Town yesterday. You guys were clearly the ones who followed us here!” Elder Hu was not unconvinced as he raised his voice.
 “Alright, since you’re so unreasonable, let’s do it as usual. We’ll compete in martial arts, and whoever wins will count as the first to arrive!”
 “So be it, you thought I’ll be afraid?”
 Li Yu was dumbfounded as he looked at the two old men arguing. “What are they fighting about?”
 “I don’t know! I don’t understand either!” Tang Chi was also dumbfounded.
 The two white-haired elders—probably have a combined age of several hundred years—were about to fight it out.
 Li Yu hurriedly rushed forward and shouted, “Hey, hey, uncles, ah wait, seniors. Would you just calm down? If you really want to fight, can you please go elsewhere? I just repaired my temple yesterday!”
 It was obvious that these two people’s cultivation levels were not low. They could flatten the entire temple with one move if they really fought here.
 “Alright, let’s go out and compete. Let’s not injure these two kids here!”
 “Hmph, I think you’re afraid of embarrassing yourself in front of him!”
 “Cut the crap. We’ll see who’s going to lose face later!” Elder Hu and Elder Jia were about to fly out of the Daoist temple and find a deserted place.
 However, right at this moment, the disciples of the Jade Pure Dao Sect and the Great Sky Dao Sect flew over.
 There were more than thirty disciples from the two sects. They were dashing young people as they stood on flying swords and flying magic treasures. Their clean Daoist robes fluttered in the wind, giving them the aura of an immortal sect.
 “Elder!”
 “Elder!” The disciples of the two sects hurriedly stepped forward and pulled their elders back.
 A sensible female disciple stepped forward and advised, “Elder, since both our sects are here, we should let Li Yu decide for himself. After all, our Jade Pure Dao Sect is, no doubt, the number one sect in the Grand Xia Dynasty. Why would we be afraid of losing to the Great Sky Dao Sect?”
 “That’s right, Elder, don’t stoop to their level!” Another older disciple persuaded him.
 Hu Dongshan grunted. However, he calmed down as he understood that his disciples had a point.
 On the other hand, Elder Jia calmed down after his disciple consoled him. After all, the matter at hand was more important. There was plenty of time in the future for him to teach Hu Dongshan a lesson.
 “Senior Brother, are they here because of that demon child?” Tang Chi could only think of that demon child when he saw the people from the two sects coming here together.
 Are they here to capture that demon child?  “No, stay at the side and keep quiet!”
 Li Yu walked forward as the two elders brought the disciples back to the temple.
 He knew that these people were probably here because of the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 Everyone landed in the courtyard, and the gazes of the disciples of the two sects converged on Li Yu.
 They were also very curious about what sort of person ranked first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 Li Yu was standing tall. Although he had just woken up and his hair was slightly messy, it was still unable to conceal his handsome and distinguished appearance.
 Coupled with the fact that he was only 17 years old now, even though he seemed slightly immature, Li Yu gave others the feeling that he was full of vigor.
  Dressed in a simple Daoist robe, he gave off an extraordinary aura. From his looks and temperament, he was indeed a dragon among men.
 Some female disciples looked at Li Yu with shining eyes.
 Although there was no lack of handsome men in their sect, people would get tired of looking at them every day. Getting tired of the old and fascinated by a new person was part of human nature.
 Otherwise, how could one wish for time to stop at the first meeting?
 …
 Seeing that the two elders had stopped fighting, Li Yu flew back calmly.
 Li Yu cupped his hands. Whoever came were guests, and he had to treat them respectfully.
 “Li Yu, your potential isn’t bad. Are you willing to join my Jade Pure Dao Sect?” Elder Hu was the first to speak.
 “My Great Sky Dao Sect’s master wishes to take you in as a personal disciple!” Elder Jia immediately said.
 “Our sect master wishes to do the same!” Elder Hu glared at Elder Jia and hurriedly said.
 I knew it!  Li Yu guessed their objective was probably to rope him in.
 At this moment, Lin Chen’s face was grim as he stared coldly at Li Yu.
 Although he secretly hoped that Li Yu would not join the Jade Pure Dao Sect and chose to join the Great Sky Dao Sect, he knew very well that Li Yu must be ecstatic.
 The two sects were here to snatch him, and the two sect masters wanted to take him in as their personal disciple.
 What kind of honor was that?
 It was a dream come true for many.
 He would probably wake up from his dreams laughing about this.
 Moreover, the overall strength and resources of the Jade Pure Dao Sect were slightly superior to the Great Sky Dao Sect.
 Therefore, there was a high chance that he would choose the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 He was not the only one feeling that way, as the disciples from both sects were also envious of Li Yu.
 They hoped they could replace Li Yu, starting out as the sect master’s personal disciple at the very least.
 His starting point was the destination they could never reach.
 Comparisons are indeed odious!
 As everyone thought that Li Yu would be overjoyed, he looked as calm as usual without any hint of surprise. He cupped his hands to the two elders and said calmly, “Thank you, seniors, for your appreciation and your Sect Master’s great kindness. Still, I will not leave my sect!”
 Li Yu’s words stunned everyone.
 Elder Hu and Elder Jia exchanged a rare look and confirmed that they did not mishear it.
 The surrounding disciples widened their eyes in shock.
 Did I hear that correctly? Did he reject the offer? He really refused!  Is there something wrong with his head?  After a brief moment of shock, joy surfaced in Lin Chen’s eyes.
  This is madness. He actually rejected it!  “My friend Li Yu, you are a rare genius. It’s a pity for you to stay in this small sect. If you join our Jade Pure Dao Sect, you can obtain more cultivation resources and have a broader future.
 “Furthermore, you are at the top of the rankings and obtained the best rewards of the Heavenly Dao Rankings. So you are in a precarious situation.
 “The fiend sects and people with ulterior motives might threaten your safety! If you enter my Jade Pure Dao Sect, we can protect you before you fully develop yourself!” Elder Hu said earnestly.
 What he said was true and came from the bottom of his heart. However, he did not know that Li Yu did not need anyone to protect him.
 “That’s right. The fiend sects have been very restless recently. Incidents of killings and kidnappings of our disciples have been recurring.
 “Moreover, the world is now filled with demons and devils. With the birth of the demon child, the world will probably be in chaos again. Everyone will be plunged into misery and suffering. Why don’t you join our Great Sky Dao Sect before the calamity descends? It’ll at least provide you with more assurance of survival!” Elder Jia also tried his best to persuade Li Yu.
 …
Chapter 14: Another Fated Person  
 “Thank you for your concern, seniors. You don’t have to persuade me anymore! Although our sect is a little small, it was founded by my father single-handedly. I’m also determined to bring our sect to greater heights. This is also my ambition, and I won’t waver!” Li Yu said with a firm attitude.
 Elder Hu and Elder Jia seemed helpless as they sighed and shook their heads.
 The disciples of the two sects discussed animatedly. They did not expect this either.
 How could Li Yu reject the warm invitation of the two major sects in such a firm manner?
 It was a chance that many people could only dream of.
 If he were to become the personal disciple of the master right now, he would definitely soar into the clouds in the future. His path as an immortal would definitely be broad.
  Yet, he refused. To them, that was simply a foolish decision.
 Even if he was indeed talented, resources were always the most important in martial arts and cultivation.
 No matter how talented he was, without the support of powerful resources, it was likely that he would not fulfill his potential in the future.
 Still, Li Yu’s words made some people admire him a little more.
 He wanted to develop his sect.
 This boy was indeed ambitious.
 However, he was too young and naive and had not experienced the vicious beatings of society. He did not understand that his dream might only remain as a dream. He would definitely regret giving up such a good opportunity in the future.
 Moreover, it was hard to say whether he would even have the chance to regret it in the future.
 The tallest tree in the forest was bound to be destroyed by the wind, not to mention that he was carrying a priceless treasure right now.
 As the two elders had said, the world was not peaceful now. It would become difficult for him to survive without the protection of a large sect.
 When they thought of that demon child, they could not help but fear.
 After this demon destroyed the Heavenly Water Pavilion, he disappeared without a trace. They wondered if he would attack their sect.
 If the Heavenly Water Pavilion was instantly destroyed, their sect probably would not be able to hold on for much longer.
 They were even afraid now that when they returned to the sect, would that place be destroyed by the demon child?
 Although they had  requested help from the Clear Void Holy Land of the Huaxia State, distant water could not quench one’s immediate thirst.
 Moreover, the demonic child’s strength was unpredictable. Who knew if the people from the Clear Void Holy Land could deal with him.
 “Young friend, don’t be in a hurry to decline. Think about it carefully. My Jade Pure Dao Sect welcomes you at any time!”
 “It’s the same for my Great Sky Dao Sect. As long as you’re willing to come, we’ll surely provide you with the best cultivation environment!” The two elders hadn’t given up. After all, the benefits of accepting Li Yu were truly too great.
 Li Yu did not say anything else and cupped his hands. The meaning was clear.
 At this moment, a large group of people arrived majestically as if dark clouds loomed above.
 There were carriages pulled by flying spirit beasts and boats that flew in the sky. The lineup was massive.
     

 Everyone looked over curiously, only to see the carriage and the flag flapping on the flying boat.
 They recognized that it was none other than the Great Xia Dynasty’s imperial family, the Murong family, the Pingnan King’s Yi family, the North Garrison King’s Luo family, the Qi King’s Wei family, and various other lords.
 They had encountered Li Yu on the way before they arrived in Luo Water Town.
 This was expected. After all, everyone had been looking for Li Yu for the past two days, so the speed of obtaining information was not too different.
 With the arrival of the various large family clans, the temple instantly became crowded.
 Tang Chi was downright shocked.
 What is going on?  What happened in the past few days when I went home to visit my parents?  First, the two major sects want to recruit my senior brother.  Now, even the royals are here.  Did my senior brother save the world?  Meanwhile, Li Yu had a calm expression.
 Still, as he looked at this group of nobles and aristocrats, he began to think of a plan.
 Hehe, it’s pretty lively today!  After arriving in the temple, Murong Xingqiao’s curious gaze immediately locked onto Li Yu.
 However, his eyes brightened up at the sight of his looks and aura.
 This hidden genius who was ranked first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings did not disappoint him after all. He had an extraordinary bearing.
 At the same time, the young disciples of the various large family clans felt the same.
 The Luo Clan’s Luo Yi, ranked sixteenth on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, the Wei Clan’s Wei He, ranked thirteenth on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, and the Yi Clan’s Yi Caidie and other young disciples were present.
 Everyone examined Li Yu curiously.
 As part of the younger generation, they were naturally curious about the first place on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, Li Yu.
 They wanted to see who had overcome the Zhu Family’s Zhu Xiaotian and top the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 The first to step forward was naturally the crown prince, Murong Xingqiao.
 The third prince, Murong Taisheng, and the fifth prince, Murong Zhengnan, were clear about their intention to vie for the throne. And it was common knowledge that they competed openly and secretly.
 However, Grand Tutor Shen Qiuming was right behind Murong Xingqiao. The elders and young masters of the various vassal families were also present.
 Naturally, the two would not be rude on such an occasion.
 “You should be Li Yu, right?” Murong Xingqiao smiled and cupped his hands, showing courtesy to talent.
 “That’s me!” Li Yu cupped his hands as well.
     

 At this moment, the system interface suddenly popped up in front of Li Yu.
 Similar to Ye Qiu, detailed information regarding Murong Xingqiao appeared on it.
 Gender, height, weight, hobbies, cultivation realm, etc…
 Hold up?  Gender—female?  Li Yu was surprised.
 The crown prince in front of him was actually a woman…
 However, one could not tell from appearance alone.
 Although he was extremely handsome, his physiological features were indeed that of a young man.
 She must have used a form of magic treasure to change her appearance, even her voice. Therefore, no one could tell that she was a girl.
 At the bottom of the introduction, there was a row of large red words. [This person can activate the Mystic Bird Palace mission.]
 It looks like another person I’m fated to meet!  Although he was filled with thoughts, Li Yu’s expression remained natural.
 Murong Xingqiao sincerely invited Li Yu to become his retainer and promised him very generous treatment.
 Li Yu only politely thanked Murong Xingqiao for his kindness, but he did not give him a direct answer.
 At this time, the other two princes stepped forward one after another and offered more generous benefits in their attempts to snatch Li Yu.
 The various vassal families did not give up either, and they similarly promised money and status that exceeded their original plans for Li Yu. They wanted to contest recruiting Li Yu to join their family or become their retainer.
 Upon hearing the benefits and conditions offered by the various powers of the Great Xia Dynasty, Lin Chen and the disciples of the other two sects could only envy Li Yu.
 This was especially so for Lin Chen, who was on the verge of losing his cool.
 He was an absolute star in the Jade Pure Dao Sect, the most dazzling existence, developing a sense of superiority in him.
 However, comparison breeds discontent.
 He seemed to be only fit to be a green leaf compared to Li Yu.
 How great would it be if he could be fought over by so many nobles?
 “Third Uncle, you can’t beat the Crown Prince and the two princes with this offer!” Yi Caidie said with a smile. She saw that her third uncle was like everyone else, promising the standard treatment to recruit Li Yu as a guest of the Pingnan Estate.
 “There’s no other way. We’ll do our best and leave it up to fate!” Yi Caidie’s third uncle, Yi Wanxiong, said in a low voice.
 Seeing that the crown prince and the others were here, Yi Wanxiong felt hopeless .
  Hearing Yi Wan Xiong’s words, Yi Caidie’s eyes sparkled. Her thoughts were unknown.
 After the various factions named their conditions and offered their sincerity, Li Yu pondered for a moment before saying, “I’m indebted to everyone for your kindness. However, I only want to lead a carefree life, so I might disappoint everyone!”
 Li Yu knew that becoming a retainer was different from becoming a sect disciple.
 Becoming someone’s retainer was equivalent to working for someone in his previous life.
 He would be given salary and benefits while generating value for the employer. It’s more like an employment relationship.
 However, Li Yu would never work for someone else again.
 Therefore, he promptly rejected everyone’s invitation.
 …
    
Chapter 15: Is There Any Reason Not to Harvest Them?  
 Everyone was filled with surprise when they heard Li Yu. They never imagined that Li Yu would refuse everyone in the end.
 “But… Your Highness, if I have the chance in the future, I can come to your place as a guest. I wonder if you’ll welcome me?” Li Yu said with a smile.
 Since she was a fated person, he could not treat her like the others.
 Although he would not work under her, he could still consider becoming her boyfriend, uh… male friend. Not to mention with her special status, he might be able to wander around the royal library with her help.
 He heard that there were many good things in the royal library.
 He might be able to collect some precious cultivation technique manuals.
  Hmm, in any case, Murong Xingqiao can be helpful to me.  “Of course, you’re welcome. My Eastern Palace Gate is open for you at any time!” Murong Xingqiao revealed a hint of surprise.
 Li Yu’s words meant that there was hope.
 It seemed that he did not want to offend anyone else in public, so he chose to stall for time.
 This Li Yu is rather clever.  However, a cold glint flashed through Murong Taisheng and Murong Zhengnan’s eyes.
 Since the child had switched sides to stand on the Crown Prince’s side, they could not stay any longer.
 “In a few days. When I’m done with the matters at hand, I’ll pay a visit to Your Highness!” Li Yu said with a smile.
 “Young Friend Li Yu, this old man has a request. I wonder if you can let us admire the elegant bearing of the Chongming Bird!” Elder Hu suddenly said.
 It was a pity that he could not recruit Li Yu. However, if he was lucky enough to see that divine bird, the trip would not be in vain.
 “That’s right, that’s right. We’ve never seen this divine bird before. I wonder if we can have the fortune of witnessing it today!”
 “That’s right, please let us take a look at the legendary divine bird!” Everyone echoed in agreement, their enthusiasm soaring.
 Obviously, everyone was curious about the legendary Divine Bird, the Chongming Bird.
 Even the noble crown prince Murong Xingqiao and the two princes had faces filled with anticipation.
 After all, they had never seen a divine bird before and only knew about such a powerful bird in some ancient books and legends.
 “Ah? Haha, um… um, to be honest, I ate that bird!” Li Yu scratched his head and said awkwardly.
 What?!  Everyone’s eyes widened in utter shock, and their jaws almost dropped to the ground.
 He ate the divine bird!  “Hehe, at the time, I didn’t know that it was a divine bird rewarded by the Heaven Dao Rankings. I thought it was a wild chicken, so I stewed it!”
 Li Yu told everyone the truth as he hoped to break some people’s thoughts.
 After all, compared to the Heavenly Spirit Pill, that divine bird was much more enticing.
 Therefore, he needed them to know that the divine bird had been eaten to dispel the thoughts of snatching the treasure in many people. It would also save him from being disturbed by those guys who were blinded by gains.
 “Cough, cough. Well, you must be joking, my young friend? Heh, I can understand. You can rest assured that no one could have the opportunity to snatch it from you. As long as I’m here, I will not tolerate anyone who dares to cause trouble.
 “So, Little Friend, you shouldn’t hide it. We only want to admire the elegant demeanor of the divine bird!” Elder Hu patted his chest and said.
 He could not believe that Li Yu had really eaten the divine bird.
 “Yes, yes. There are so many people here. No one dares to mess around. Everyone only wants to take a look!” someone echoed.
 “I really don’t need to lie to all of you. I’ve unfortunately done it. Alright, since you guys insist on seeing it, wait here!” Li Yu walked into the kitchen and soon walked out with a basket of feathers.
 “There’s only this basket of feathers left now. Take a look if you want.”
 Li Yu originally planned to keep these feathers to make a feather duster, so he did not discard them.
 Of course, if everyone knew what Li Yu was thinking, their jaws would probably drop again.
 Gasp—
 Everyone gasped as they looked at the feathers in the box in shock.
 Although there were only feathers left, they could tell that these were not the feathers of an ordinary pheasant.
 Those feathers were still emitting spirit energy.
 Furthermore, the quality and color of the feather seemed extraordinary.
 It seemed that the divine bird had really been eaten by Li Yu.
 What the…  Everyone gasped.
 “What a reckless waste of a heavenly treasure! That’s a divine bird! A divine bird! How could you eat it!” Elder Hu and Elder Jia really felt as if it was their divine bird that had been eaten.
 Their feelings were understandable.
 The Chongming Bird was powerful enough to suppress demons.
 Even if this divine bird did not land in their sect’s hands, it was not a big deal. As long as they were alive, they could help Li Yu raise the divine bird and become a powerful force in the future, helping the righteous path fight the demons.
 This divine bird was simply the hope of the righteous path.
 Yet, it was stewed and eaten by Li Yu.
 It was a huge blow to them.
 “Hmm, I have to say that the divine bird’s meat is absolutely delicious!” Li Yu thought nothing of it. In any case, it was his freedom to eat or not to eat the rewards given to him by the Heavenly Dao Rankings. And so he believed that there was no need for them to grieve over it.
 Furthermore, keeping the divine bird might bring more trouble to himself.
 Elder Hu felt his head buzz. His heart was about to break from such a blow.
 What a pity!  “Oh yes, are any of you interested in the Heavenly Spirit Pill?” Li Yu looked at everyone and asked suddenly.
 “Are you planning to sell this pill?” Someone was interested.
 The Heavenly Spirit Pill was another absolute treasure.
 It was a heaven-defying pill that could cleanse one’s marrow, remodel his foundation, and condense a heavenly spiritual root.
 Who wouldn’t want it!
 Obtaining it was equivalent to possessing the opportunity to transform from a cocoon to a butterfly and turn something rotten into a masterpiece.
 A single pill could allow an ordinary person to become a paragon existence.
 The temptation was not small.
 “Mmm, that’s right!” Li Yang nodded.
 A commotion broke out among the crowd.
 “I want it, I want it!”
 “Our Luo Clan is willing to buy it!”
 “I wonder what’s the price?” The disciples of the two sects and the group of nobles asked.
 This Heavenly Spirit Pill was extremely useful to them. This trip would not have been in vain if they could purchase it.
 “Okay, you can have it, but I’m not selling it!” Li Yu said with a smile.
  Everyone was startled by his words.
 Some looked at Li Yu unhappily.?Are you messing with us?  Li Yu continued, “However, you can make a bet with me. Each side can send someone to compete with me as long as you can take out something of the same value to bet. If I lose, you can take the Heavenly Spirit Pill. And I won’t take a single cent! If I win, your bet will be mine! ”
 When these people first arrived, Li Yu had  made up his mind.
 He could not let them come here for nothing!
 With so many leeks coming to his door, how could he not ruthlessly harvest them?
 He lacked everything now: pills, spirit stones, cultivation techniques, and weapons.
 …
Chapter 16: This Li Yu Is A Little Arrogant  
 Everyone gasped again when they heard Li Yu’s words.
 A bet?  Is this kid serious?  Although he was ranked first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, that could only mean that his strength was ranked first amongst the young people below the age of 30.
 In everyone’s opinion, no matter how freakish Li Yu’s talent was, he was at most at the Golden Core or early stage of the Aureate Body realm at his age.
 However, many people present had cultivation levels that far surpassed his.
  Wouldn’t his gamble with the various forces be equivalent to giving away the Heaven Spirit Pill for free?
 “Are you serious, young friend?” Elder Hu asked in surprise. In fact, he was also interested in the Heavenly Spirit Pill.
 “Of course, everyone can give it a try! The Heavenly Spirit Pill is here, and it belongs to whoever can take it from me!” Li Yu withdrew the Heavenly Spirit Pill and held it in his hand.
 He looked at the Heavenly Spirit Pill. It was crystalline and as warm as jade as it emitted a rich medicinal aroma and spiritual power.
 Everyone’s eyes brightened up instantly. They were truly fascinated.
 “Is there a cultivation realm limit? Are you saying that everyone here can try?” Luo Family’s Young Master Luo Guxuan asked.
 Li Yu pondered for a moment. Although he could crush everyone present by himself, he still decided to keep a low profile and avoid too much hate.
 Therefore, after some thought, he said, “Anything below the Nascent Soul realm or Transcendence realm is fine!”
 However, his ‘low-key’ words caused a stir in the crowd.
 He had asked for anyone below the Nascent Soul realm or below the Transcendence realm.
 This kid was too arrogant!
 “Hmph, you really are from a small sect. You’re a frog in a well who doesn’t know anything. You think that you’re invincible just because you placed first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings!” A wisp of disdain surfaced on Lin Chen’s face.
 He admitted that Li Yu’s talent was definitely not bad, and probably everyone present was inferior to him in that aspect. Even so, this should not give him the right to be arrogant.
 The competition was not just about talent or cultivation level.
 Even if he were to fight someone of the same cultivation level, he might not have a hundred percent chance of winning.
 There were many determining factors in a martial arts competition besides the cultivation realm.
 Factors include the grades of the divine arts and martial arts techniques that one cultivated, as well as the degree of one’s comprehension and mastery of the divine arts and martial arts techniques. Combat awareness, combat experience, even the weapons and magic treasures used, etc
 Many factors would determine a person’s strength and the outcome of a fight.
 Even if Li Yu’s cultivation realm had reached the peak of the Aureate Body realm, that did not mean that he was invincible below the Nascent Soul realm.
 There were plenty of people present who were older and more experienced in combat than him.
 What right did he have to say that anyone below the Nascent Soul realm could challenge him?
 Furthermore, whether he could reach such a high cultivation realm was a different affair.
 Thus, he felt that Li Yu was being too arrogant. Otherwise, there was something wrong with his head.
 “That’s right. I understand that he’s young and reckless, but it’s wrong of him to be arrogant and conceited. Looks like we have to educate him properly lest he thinks so highly of himself. When he steps into the pugilistic world in the future, he might lose his life!” an older Jade Pure Dao Sect cultivator said.
 “Indeed. Even with my peak Golden Core cultivation, I wouldn’t dare say I could take on anyone below the Nascent Soul realm! This boy is too full of himself!”
 “Humph, he’s going to hand over this Heavenly Spirit Pill to someone for his foolishness!”
 “I just don’t get what he’s doing. He can earn favor by giving it to others straight away. Why start a bet like this? He might even lose his Heaven Spirit Pill and reputation in the end!”
 Everyone was abuzz with Li Yu’s bet. They rubbed their fists and were burning with eagerness.
 In their opinion, Li Yu was only seventeen years old. No matter how monstrous his talent was, it was impossible for him to reach the Nascent Soul or the Transcendent realm at that age.
 Hence, his decision to challenge everyone below the Nascent Soul realm was simply arrogant and conceited.
 “Third Uncle, can you tell what realm this Li Yu is in?” Yi Caidie stared at Li Yu with her eyes filled with surprise.
 “I can’t tell. He doesn’t have any spiritual power fluctuations and should be a martial arts body cultivator. However, even if he has monstrous talent, he’s at most in the Aureate Body realm!” Yi Wanxiong said.
 “Then, if he dares to do this, wouldn’t he be handing over the Heavenly Spirit Pill to someone else for nothing?” Yi Caidie’s brows furrowed in confusion.
 “Hmph, who cares? It would be a waste not to take this Heavenly Spirit Pill! Jingfan, go and meet him. The Yi family can offer 2000 spirit stones, plus the Purple Phoenix Grass, two Pill Blood Flower, and a bottle of Azure Essence Pills,” said Yi Wanxiong.
 “Yes, my lord!” A man with a resolute expression cupped his hands.
 He was at the late-stage Aureate Body Realm and had plenty of combat experience. He was not too old either, thus sending him in could not be considered bullying Li Yu.
 At the same time, the Luo Clan, Wei Clan, and the other clans arranged suitable candidates to prepare to spar with Li Yu.
 Essentially, they were in the Golden Core realm or Aureate Body realm. And they were either in the intermediate stage or advanced stage.
 They also felt that Li Yu was indeed a little too arrogant. Setting up this wager and challenging everyone below the Transcendent realm was simply asking for trouble.
 However, they would not be merciful. The Heavenly Spirit Pill was a priceless treasure. It would be a waste to not take it.
 “I, Luo Guxuan, will offer a 500-year-old spirit ginseng, plus 2,000 spirit stones and a Foundation Establishment Pill!” Luo Family’s Young Master Luo Guxuan was the first to speak.
 He immediately stepped forward and unleashed his aura, deciding to fight personally.
 Although he was the Young Master of the Luo Family, he was  48 years old this year with a mid-stage Golden Core Realm cultivation.
 Forty-eight years old was  a middle-aged man to ordinary people.
 However, this age could be said to be extremely young among cultivators.
 Typically, Golden Core Realm cultivators could easily live a few hundred years.
 Thus, this Luo Family’s young master only looked to be in his twenties.
 “The Wei family offers a Marrow Cleansing Pill, an Essence Surge Pill, two thousand spirit stones, and a flying boat…” The Wei family named their bet as well.
 “Our Yi family offers 2000 spirit stones, plus the Purple Phoenix Grass and the Pill Blood Flower…” Yi Wanxiong shouted as well.
 Upon hearing the items promised by the various large families, Li Yu was so happy that his mouth could not close.
 These large families are truly wealthy and generous.  I am going to make a killing today!  Subsequently, the third prince, Murong Taisheng, and the fifth prince, Murong Zhengnan, took out their spirit stones, spirit herbs, medicinal pills, magic treasures, and various other items before sending their representatives to battle.
 However, Murong Xingqiao did not participate.
 Firstly, she did not need a Heavenly Spirit Pill. Secondly, she felt that Li Yu had  hinted that he was on her side.
 However, Murong Xingqiao could not understand Li Yu’s actions.
 “My Jade Pure Dao Sect is willing to take out 2,000 Spirit Stones, five Thunder Spirit Pills, and a supreme-grade defense artifact,” said Elder Hu.
  Immediately, they looked at the disciples behind them. Many of their gazes were burning with eagerness.
 “Yu Heng.” Elder Hu said.
 The man called Yu Heng immediately had an excited look and said to the fellow disciples beside him, “I’ll help everyone educate this brat properly!”
 “Beat him in one move, Senior Brother Zheng!”
 “That’s right, let him experience the power of a late-stage Golden Core Realm cultivator!” Lin Chen replied.
 “The Grand Sky Dao Sect will bring out 1,000 spirit stones, 10 Taichi pills, and this low-grade spirit sword of mine!” Elder Jia followed up and immediately dispatched a man named Zhu Feng.
 When Elder Hu saw the disciple Elder Jia sent out, he was immediately displeased. “Elder Jia, isn’t your Grand Sky Dao Sect’s table manners a little too ugly? Everyone has sent out late-stage Golden Core Realm representatives.
 And you sent a disciple half a step into the Nascent Soul realm? He should be more than a hundred years old! Aren’t you bullying him? ”
Chapter 17: I’ll Kindly Accept These  
 “Since our young friend Li Yu called for anything below the Nascent Soul realm. I didn’t violate the rules!” Elder Jia said indignantly.
 “I think you might as well do it yourself!” Elder Hu continued to criticize.
 However, no one from the surrounding clans cared.
 After all, after each family took out their stakes and sent out their representatives, Li Yu still had to choose who to bet with.
 According to their speculations, if Li Yu wanted to use the Heaven Spirit Pills to obtain more items, he would definitely choose to spar with the person with the lowest cultivation level first.
 If he sent out someone with especially high cultivation, it might not be his turn to compete with Li Yu when someone else would have  defeated Li Yu.
  Of course, besides the cultivation factor, whether the stakes every family pledged could move Li Yu was the key.
 “Humph, why should you care? Our Little Friend Li Yu didn’t say anything!” Elder Jia said with a cold face.
 “It’s fine!” Li Yu said nonchalantly. His calm expression managed to puzzle everyone.
 Is this kid really capable? Or is he bluffing?  “It’s these people, right?” Li Yu looked at the 11 people in front of him, and they could indeed be considered the elites of the various powers.
 At that moment, the people from the various powers were the most nervous.
 They all hoped that Li Yu could choose the representatives from their side to spar with.
 Li Yu only had one Heavenly Spirit Pill. The first to go would have the highest chance of obtaining one.
 After all, in their opinion, they had absolute confidence that the person they sent out would win.
 “Your Highness, please be the witness!” Li Yu looked at Murong Xingqiao.
 “Oh, alright!” Murong Xingqiao was a bit surprised to be suddenly named, but she still nodded in agreement.
 She was frankly nervous for Li Yu now.
 If he really did not have the ability, and he did that for attention, it would disappoint her greatly.
 When they saw Li Yu look over, the eyes of Zhu Feng, Jing Fan, Luo Guxuan, Zheng Yuheng, and the others were fired up and provocative, and they hoped that Li Yu would choose them.
 However, Li Yu believed that only children make choices.
 “For the sake of fairness, all of you can attack together. The Heavenly Spirit Pill belongs to whoever defeats me first!” Li Yu said with a big smile.
 “Huh?”
 Everyone blew up again.
 You call this fair?     

  1v11!  Madness. This kid is way too arrogant.  He was simply looking down on this group of challengers.
 Murong Xingqiao tightly furrowed her brows, but there was a trace of anticipation in her heart.
 Perhaps this guy does have the capability? Otherwise, where did his confidence come from?  “Hmph, you must be out of your mind!” Lin Chen scoffed.
 Yi Caidie’s eyes brightened as she stared at Li Yu.
 For some reason, she was actually looking forward to seeing Li Yu turn out victorious.
 When they heard Li Yu’s words, Zhu Feng, Jing Fan, Luo Guxuan, Zheng Yuheng, and the others were even more furious and bloodthirsty.
 “Kid, aren’t you being too condescending?”
 “Li Yu, you’ve done a good job. You’ve successfully infuriated me!”
 “I was thinking about pulling my punches. Since you don’t know the immensity of heaven and earth, I’ll educate you properly on behalf of your father!”
 “Hmph, how egoistic. In that case, I won’t stand on ceremony!”
 Everyone vented their dissatisfaction, but their bodies rushed towards Li Yu.
 In their opinion, Li Yu stood no chance against them, and the first to defeat him would be the victor.
 Swish swish swish…
 Eleven figures charged towards Li Yu together at the same time, while a powerful pressure condensed from their tremendous auras. Even early-stage Nascent Soul realm experts would feel fear and apprehension in such a situation.
 Nonetheless, Li Yu’s expression remained calm from the beginning to the end.
 “Take this!” Zheng Yuheng was the fastest to arrive in front of Li Yu.
 The sword slashed down with the power of lightning. Sword Qi rampaged as if it could shred everything.
  However, when his sword slashed past Li Yu, Li Yu’s body faded into an illusory shadow that disappeared.
 At the same time, Zheng Yuheng felt an extremely terrifying aura assault his face, causing his hair to stand on end.
 Before he could react, an impactful blow landed on his chest.
 Thud!
 Zheng Yuheng was sent flying like a cannonball. He was so quick that the person who followed closely behind could not dodge in time. The two of them flew off stacked together.
 Lin Chen and the others did not slow down at all.
 Everything happened too quickly and too suddenly.
 Lin Chen and the others had yet to react when they saw that they were about to be hit. Their expressions changed drastically from the fright.
 It was not until Elder Hu acted just in time and blocked the two human-shaped missiles.
 At the same time…
     

 Thud! Bang! Boom! Slap! Kacha!
 Li Yu’s figure seemed to only flicker on the spot while the challengers who rushed up flew in all directions.
 In the end, some were embedded in the walls, some were hanging from trees, some were stuck underground, and some crashed through the walls and into the house.
 The temple that Zhou Erlang and the others had painstakingly repaired was once again demolished.
 In an instant, only Li Yu remained on the spot. His aura was calm while his expression remained the same.
 Then, he cupped his hands at the few people in the surroundings who were in a sorry state and couldn’t get up. “Thank you for letting me win!”
 Silence…
 The entire scene was deathly silent, and everyone looked at Li Yu as if they were looking at a monster.
 Some even forgot to breathe!
 There were eleven Golden Core, middle, and late-stage Golden Core experts and even a peak Golden Core expert.
 And they could not even combine to compare with Li Yu.
 They did not even touch Li Yu’s hair before they were sent flying off to the ground and could not get up.
 What sort of terrifying power was this? What sort of freakish strength was this?
 If they had not seen it with their own eyes, they would never believe it.
 The seventeen-year-old Li Yu  possessed such monstrous capability.
 It was simply too terrifying!
 “Is this kid even human?”
 “Did he eat the meat of the divine bird and obtain its power?”
 “But no matter what, he’s ridiculously strong!”
 “He has at least stepped into the Martial Dao Transcendence realm. A seventeen-year-old in the Transcendence realm? Heavens, that’s too sick!”
 “No wonder he was so arrogant just now. He said that he could fight anyone under the Nascent Soul realm and Transcendent realm. It turns out that he’s in the Transcendent realm himself. Everyone was tricked by him!”
 “It’s a good thing that Elder did not let me go just now! That punch hurt just looking at it! I wonder how many of Senior Apprentice Brother Zheng’s ribs are broken!”
 The disciples from the two sects looked at Li Yu with apprehension.
 They knew very well that if Li Yu could defeat all eleven of them effortlessly, he should at least be at the early stage of the Transcendent realm. At the same time, he cultivated a body tempering cultivation technique so terrifying that it gave him an extremely monstrous strength and speed.
 The combat strength of such a person was probably invincible among the same cultivation realm. Only old fellows like Elder Hu and Elder Jia could probably compare with Li Yu among everyone present.
 It was no wonder that the Heavenly Dao Rankings would bestow him an additional reward.
 He could crush everyone on the rankings with his ability.
 Lin Chen’s lips twitched, and the shock in his heart was indescribable.
 He had seen monsters but never a freak like Li Yu.
  He had just been calling Li Yu a frog in the well.
 In the end, the clown was actually himself.
 Lin Chen could not even bring himself to be jealous anymore.
 Who could compare with a seventeen-year-old Transcendent?
 At the moment, Elder Hu, Elder Jia, Shenqiu Ming, Yi Wanxiong, Murong Taisheng, and Murong Zhengnan were also dumbfounded.
 However, when they returned to their senses, they suddenly felt that they seemed to have been tricked by the kid, Li Yu.
 “Haha, I won. I’ll kindly accept your bets!” Li Yu was absolutely thrilled. He did not even leave his place to profit greatly. He had earned himself a fortune!
 …
    
Chapter 18: Getting Rich Overnight  
 “This brat!” Elder Hu felt his heart aching.
 It was not only because of the spirit stones, pills, and magic treasures that he had been tricked into losing.
 The main reason was that how could such a monstrous genius be unwilling to join their sect?
 Elder Hu even had the urge to kidnap him.
 “He’s so remarkable! He’s much, much more powerful than Brother Xiaotian!” Yi Caidie’s eyes sparkled as she looked at Li Yu with admiration.
 When Li Yu had fought eleven people alone earlier, she had been looking forward to seeing Li Yu win and create a miracle.
  She did not expect a miracle to really happen, which surprised and delighted her.
 The invincible aura and tyrannical strength that Li Yu displayed caused Yi Caidie’s heart to race too. Her fair cheeks flushed red.
 She had always thought that the most powerful and extraordinary person in the world was Zhu Xiaotian.
 Yet, today, she had witnessed a true peerless genius, a truly extraordinary existence.
 “Third Uncle, he’s so powerful. He should have reached the Transcendence realm !” Yi Caidie said excitedly.
 “Yeah, sigh, this kid tricked us all!” While Yi Wanxiong was shocked, he also gnashed his teeth in disgust.
 He had thought they could obtain a Heavenly Spirit Pill for free, but in the end, he had lost so many treasures in one go.
 Yi Caidie covered her mouth and chuckled. She looked at Li Yu again, and her eyes sparkled as she murmured softly, “This person is so interesting!”
 On the side, Murong Xingqiao recovered from her shock. She had a similar glint in her eyes as joy surfaced on the corners of his mouth.
 “This Li Yu is really something special!” Murong Xingqiao’s heart was also thumping, and she had yet to recover from the shock and surprise from before.
 She was genuinely worried for Li Yu earlier.
 Previously, she thought that Li Yu was a little too arrogant and conceited.
 However, from the looks of it, everyone had underestimated him.
 It was their knowledge that limited their imagination.
 That was why they felt that Li Yu’s words were arrogant and conceited.
 However, when he thought back to Li Yu’s arrogant words, it seemed like he was  being modest and low-key.
 From the strength he had just displayed, this Li Yu was at least at the Body Refinement Transcendence realm.
 In the Great Xia Dynasty, they would be a top-tier powerhouse.
 A seventeen-year-old in the Transcendent was a freak.
 Even in the entire world, it was probably unmatched.
 It is a blessing to have such a talent in our Great Xia Dynasty!  Murong Xingqiao felt enthusiastic, especially when she thought of how Li Yu had chosen her side.
 Although he only said he could be a guest at her place, they might become allies.
 It was truly fortunate to find an ally with limitless potential and monstrous talent.
 Although they knew that they had been tricked by Li Yu, all of them could only accept their loss and hand over the stakes they promised to Li Yu.
 In an instant, the system’s voice rang continuously.
 He had obtained the Azure Essence Pill, Foundation Establishment Pill, Marrow Cleansing Pill, Essence Surge Pill, Thunder Spirit Pill, Taichi Pill, and five other pills.
 Spirit ginseng, Purple Phoenix Grass, Pill Blood Flower, Jadecalm Fruit, and four other spirit herbs.
 There were also two spirit swords, a few magic artifacts, and more than sixteen thousand spirit stones.
  It was like becoming rich overnight.
 His harvest today was no less than hitting 100 million in the lottery, achieving financial freedom in an instant.
 Currently, his collection of medicinal pills and pill formulas was at 12 / 50.
 Divine weapons collection progress was at 5 / 20.
 Magic artifacts were not included in the category of divine weapons.
 Li Yu also roughly understood that anyone who could be evaluated by the system as a divine weapon was at least at the spirit artifact level.
 As for the spirit herb collection progress, 8 / 50.
 What surprised Li Yu was that the spirit herbs collected by the system could actually produce a spirit plant seed.
 The function gave Li Yu a new understanding of the system.
 As for the sixteen thousand plus spirit stones, those were enough for him to develop his sect and purchase various pills, cultivation techniques, magic treasures, and other items.
 “Elder Jia, you’ve  lost your spirit sword. How are you going to compete with me in the future? Haha!” Elder Hu did not forget to rub salt on Elder Jia’s wound.
 Elder Jia snorted coldly. He looked stubborn, but his heart was bleeding.
 He deeply regretted his impulsiveness since he threw his spirit sword into the bet.
 He did not speak and left with his disciples first.
 The others from the various large family clans did not gain anything while losing lots of money. They left successively as well.
 “My name is Yi Caidie. Greetings, Cultivator Li!” Yi Caidie took the initiative to walk in front of Li Yu and bowed slightly.
 Her radiant eyes swirled with a sweet smile that was beautiful and enchanting.
 She wore a red dress, had a curvy figure, bright and lively eyes, and a cheerful face. She was like the rosy glow of the sun that reflected the snow, gorgeous and moving.
DiisCoover  Even Li Yu’s face brightened when he saw her.
 “Nice to meet you!” Li Yu cupped his hands in return.
 “Cultivator Li’s abilities are truly breathtaking. You do live up to your reputation, and I’m filled with admiration for you. If you have the chance in the future, I would like to welcome you to Pingnan Estate as a guest. Tai Prefecture City is the famous gourmet city of the Great Xia Dynasty. There are many specialties that I can bring you to taste them when the time comes!” Yi Caidie said with a sweet smile.
 She was meticulous and observant. She could clearly tell that Li Yu liked to eat, so she threw out what he was most interested in.
 Indeed, as soon as he heard about the delicacies, Li Yu’s nature was exposed, and his eyes sparkled.
 Compared to beauties, food piqued his interest more!
 “Alright, thank you, Miss Yi. If there’s a chance in the future, I will definitely taste the delicacies of Tai Prefecture City myself!” Li Yu said with a smile.
 “Here, this waist token is for you. Bring it with you, and you can come to Pingnan Estate as you please in the future!” Yi Caidie took out a waist token and handed it to Li Yu.
 Her actions made Murong Xingqiao frown slightly.
 She had heard in the past that although this younger daughter of the Pingnan King seemed innocent, she was actually quick-witted and intelligent.
 Indeed, she lived up to her reputation. This girl was too scheming.
  Wasn’t this pulling Li Yu into their Pingnan Estate?
 “I appreciate Miss Caidie’s goodwill, but I can’t accept such a precious object. And don’t worry, I’ll surely be a guest at the Pingnan Estate in the future!” Li Yu refused.
 Although the waist token seemed rather tempting, Li Yu knew very well that he would become indebted to them and feel obliged to help them.
 Not to mention that she offered a waist token of great significance like this. Is this girl trying to trick me?  Murong Xingqiao could not help but sigh in relief when he heard Li Yu’s response. Her admiration for Li Yu increased significantly.
 It seemed that he was not a person who only cared about benefits. He still had his own principles and pride.
 Only such a person is worthy of befriending me, Murong Xingqiao.  …
Chapter 19: Zhu Xiaotian’s Meltdown  
 “Alright, then you must remember to come and find me in Tai Prefecture City!” Yi Caidie chuckled as she kept the waist token.
 She was clever and naturally knew that she could not force Li Yu. Therefore, she left with Yi Wanxiong.
 “Cultivator Li, then I shall await your arrival in Nan’an City!” Murong Xingqiao also walked up and bid farewell to Li Yu.
 “Okay, Your Highness. Have a safe journey!” Li Yu cupped his hands and respectfully sent Murong Xingqiao off.
 After everyone left, only Li Yu and Tang Chi were left in the temple.
 And the various holes and dents that Li Yu had just caused.
  However, these were not important. He had  decided to expand the temple and invite craftsmen to renovate the sect tomorrow.
 “Senior Brother, Senior Brother, you’re too awesome. You were so handsome just now that if I were a girl, I would definitely fall in love with you!” Tang Chi rushed over excitedly and reached out to hug Li Yu.
 However, he was kicked away by Li Yu. And this guy would lie down wherever he fell.
 “Senior Brother, what is your cultivation level? I really can’t understand you anymore!” Tang Chi said as he lay on the ground with his hands under his neck.
 He knew that Li Yu was strong, though he did not have a clear idea of how strong Li Yu was.
 Previously, he had heard that Li Yu had killed that demonic child. He did not know what concept that was.
 Therefore, he was still shocked when he witnessed Li Yu’s solo win against 11 Golden Core realm experts in the middle and late stages.
 Li Yu did not speak and checked the system’s mission interface.
 The names of the people linked to side missions appeared in the mission list.
 As long as he clicked on the details, he could see the information about this person and the related missions.
 Three names had  appeared on the list: Ye Qiu, Murong Xingqiao, and Yi Caidie.
 There was also a sign “Quest not active” beside the three names.
 Li Yu guessed that the system would probably notify him when the related missions began.
 The Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s Hidden Treasure, the Mystic Bird Palace, and the Linglong Treasury.
 It seemed like they were people with great luck, and Li Yu should obtain a lot of treasures through them.
     

 “But, Senior Brother, what is going on these days? Why are those people here to rope you in?” Tang Chi sat upon the ground and asked Li Yu.
 This was the biggest question in his mind.
 “Because of the Heavenly Dao Rankings!” Li Yu simply informed Tang Chi about the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 “So that’s how it is!” Tang Chi jumped up excitedly. “There’s actually such a miracle! But why can’t we see it here? Sigh, seriously!”
 Tang Chi looked east with his toes up. He could not see anything except the blazing sunlight.
 “Alright, shut up . Come over and help me count my winnings today!” Li Yu took out all the spirit stones, magic treasures, and pills he’d won from the bet earlier.
 More than 16,000 spirit stones were piled into a small mountain, emitting refreshing spirit energy.
 With a casual inhale, it seemed to fill one’s body with power and vitality.
 Tang Chi felt that if he stood by the side, the spirit energy in his body would increase rapidly without any cultivation.
 Tang Chi’s eyes could shoot out lasers as he looked at the large pile of spirit stones in front of him.
 He had never seen so many spirit stones before. He had broadened his horizons today.
 In addition, there were many precious spiritual plants, pills, and magic treasures.
 “Here, have this Marrow Cleansing Pill. It can cleanse your marrow and improve your physique. Also, this Azure Essence Pill and Taichi Pill can assist your cultivation and improve your cultivation speed.
 “With the help of these pills, you should be able to advance to the peak of the Qi Refinement realm quickly. At that time, you can directly take this Foundation Establishment Pill and try to break through to the Foundation Establishment realm in one go!” Li Yu handed bottle after bottle of pills to Tang Chi.
 Tang Chi was stunned for a moment as he looked at the bottles in his hand in surprise. He looked at Li Yu in disbelief and asked, “Senior Brother, are… are these pills for me?”
 “What else can I do? You’re my only junior brother for now. Plus, I can’t use these pills!” Li Yu said casually.
 “Thank you, Senior Brother. Thank you, Senior Brother. This is great. I finally see the hope of breaking through to the Foundation Establishment realm!” Tang Chi hugged Li Yu and was moved to the point of tears.
 “Don’t worry. If you follow your senior brother, even if you’re a pig, I can still make you soar into the sky!” Li Yu said with a smile.
 “Yes, yes, thank you… Eh, why do I feel insulted?”
 “Oh, and take these magic artifacts as well as this spirit sword!” Li Yu gave Elder Jia’s spirit sword to Tang Chi.
 Tang Chi had become Li Qingyun’s disciple when he was ten years old. He and Li Yu grew up together. Although they were not blood-related, they were very close.
 Over the years, Tang Chi never abandoned the sect. Even if everyone else left the sect, he had never thought of it.
 Besides, he did most of the dirty and tiring work in the temple and did not complain.
 Hence, apart from Li Qingshan, Tang Chi was closest to him.
 Li Yu would not be stingy to help him.
 Perhaps Tang Chi’s talent was indeed very ordinary or even somewhat poor.
 However, in Li Yu’s opinion, talent was only the starting point. As the saying went, strength could make a brick fly.
     

 As long as he had enough resources, his limit could be limitless.
 Furthermore, he had the system. Why would he be worried about not being able to bring his junior brother along?
 …
 In the Zhu Family residence, when Zhu Xiaotian heard what went down when the Crown Prince, the princes, and the various family clans had gone to recruit Li Yu, he was also shocked.
 He originally thought that Li Yu’s abilities might only slightly surpass his own.
 Even if he did not get rid of him, he only needed to speed up his cultivation and improve himself. Then, he could overtake Li Yu directly when the rankings refreshed the next time to become the true number one.
 Therefore, over the past few days, Zhu Xiaotian had relied on various pills, spirit herbs, and spirit stones to assist him in his cultivation in a bid to surpass Li Yu.
 However, after hearing the news, his heart turned cold.
 The Transcendent realm!  A seventeen-year-old in the Transcendent realm? How is that possible!  Zhu Xiaotian could not believe this fact.
 Even in his previous life, he had never heard of anyone reaching the Transcendence realm at the age of seventeen.
 In the entire history of the continent, only the Martial Emperor Qing Cang had such talent.
 This Li Yu is too freakish.  How can I surpass him!   Zhu Xiaotian was about to explode.
 He now firmly believed Li Yu could not be kept alive.
 However, while he was shocked, he had lived two lifetimes after all. He could still rationalize his thinking.
 Therefore, after his shock, he began to analyze the current situation.
 Since Li Yu is clearly inclined to choose the crown prince, the third prince, Murong Taisheng, and the fifth prince, Murong Zhengnan, probably would not let him stay around.  Especially after he revealed such a terrifying talent, he must have become the thorn in their hearts—the type that had to be eliminated.  So, even if I don’t do anything next, Li Yu would probably not survive by the next time the leaderboard is refreshed.  …
    
Chapter 20: Zhu Xiaotian’s Plans, Divine Weapon Rankings, and Future Trend  
 Zhu Xiaotian organized his thoughts. He did not have the time to care about Li Yu.
 The Hidden Dragon Rankings was only one of the rankings.
 What was more important was how he could obtain more rewards from the Heavenly Dao through the Divine Weapon Rankings. And how to control the overall situation of the world to pave the way for himself.
 Before the Divine Weapon Rankings get announced, I must plan carefully.?Zhu Xiaotian pondered.
 He had just received a piece of news today. The Netherworld Demon Sect colluded with the Northern Desert Wolf King Clan and occupied vast territories in the Mo Prefecture.
 The Ye family guarding the Mo Prefecture, Ye Gusheng, had died in battle.
  According to his previous life’s memories, many earth-shattering events were about to occur.
 As for the Great Xia Dynasty, it gradually progressed towards a century-long civil war.
 However, with such information in his new life, Zhu Xiaotian naturally had to change a few things for everything to develop in his favor.
 At the same time, he could obtain more opportunities and lay the foundation for his rise.
 He still remembered most of the divine weapons on the Divine Weapon Rankings then.
 Especially the top ten divine weapons.
 In first place was the Netherworld Demon Sect’s Master—Mo Lin’s Demonic Carnage Sword.
 In second place was the Three Purities Sword that originally belonged to Perfected Yu Hua.
 However, when the rankings were announced, it  belonged to Mo Lin.
 This was the first major event that was about to occur.
 Perfected Yu Hua had fallen, and the Demonic Carnage Sword had appeared!
 Judging from the timings, Zhu Xiaotian believed that now was probably the crucial moment for Mo Lin to secretly forge the Demonic Carnage Sword.
 He only found out about all of this a hundred years later in his previous life.
 It was said that this Demonic Carnage Sword was a peerless demonic sword forged by Mo Lin according to the sword casting method on an ancient mural.
 It could manifest a powerful Demon God power that was extremely terrifying.
 However, to forge this demon sword, he would still need to use the blood essence of people with Five Elements Spirit Physiques as sacrifices.
 The Five Elements Spiritual Physiques were five people that possessed the Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, and Earth Spiritual Physiques separately.
 At the moment, Mo Lin should have  found four of them, and he was only missing the final metal spirit body.
 That last person was Perfected Yu Hua of the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 In Zhu Xiaotian’s previous life, Perfected Yu Hua went to the Mo Prefecture to negotiate with Mo Lin in order to save his sect’s elders and disciples.
 However, he did not know that this so-called negotiation was part of Mo Lin’s scheme.
 Perfected Yu Hua eventually died in battle.
 His Three Purities Sword fell into Mo Lin’s hand, and his blood essence became the material Mo Lin used to forge the Demonic Carnage Sword.
 The Demonic Carnage Sword was born.
 The Netherworld Demon Sect would dominate over the Great Xia Dynasty.
 As a result, the Jade Pure Dao Sect suffered an unprecedented blow, and everyone in the orthodox sects felt threatened.
 One thing leads to the other.
 With the death of Perfected Yu Hua, the Emperor of the Great Xia Dynasty, Murong Cang, lost his backing and good friend. His illness aggravated because of it, and he died not long after.
 Therefore, not long after the Divine Weapon Rankings was announced, the Third Prince, Murong Taisheng, who had always been secretly in cahoots with the members of the Netherworld Demon Sect and covered for the Demon Sect, began to act. With the help of the Netherworld Demon Sect, he combined forces with the family behind his mother, the Luo Family, and the current Grand Commandant to rebel and usurp the throne.
 After that, the various lords eventually declared independence, and the Great Xia Dynasty began a civil war that lasted for a hundred years.
 Consequently, the chaos in the world forced the Zhu family to spend a lot of resources on the power struggle between the lords.
 This greatly hindered his growth, even taking his father’s life in battle. His access to many opportunities was cut off as a result.
 Hence, he wanted to change everything in this life.
 As long as I stop Perfected Yu Hua from meeting Mo Lin for negotiation talks and tell him about the Demonic Carnage Sword, I can prevent the tragedy and change the trajectory of history!  Zhu Xiaotian thought.
 As long as Perfected Yu Hua did not die, the Jade Pure Dao Sect could prevent the Demonic Carnage Sword from becoming a reality.
 The strings of events afterward would not have happened.
 Furthermore, without the Demonic Carnage Sword.
 The Frozen Water Sword that was ranked seventh in the past could move up by one rank.
 At the same time, weakening the Netherworld Demon Sect was equivalent to undermining the enemy of the Zhu Family—the Luo Family.
 This way, the Zhu family could smoothly support Murong Xingqiao to the throne after Murong Cang’s passing.
 It would allow the Zhu family to expand their influence further and control the imperial court and the Great Xia Dynasty, obtaining more wealth and resources.
 Not only that, he could also use this opportunity to find an appropriate time to expose the truth about Murong Xingqiao’s gender. And he would find a way to make her marry him.
 Zhu Xiaotian knew that Murong Xingqiao was the daughter of the heavens, the reincarnation of the Mystic Bird, and the person blessed by providence.
 In his previous life, in that chaotic world, everyone thought that Murong Xingqiao had been killed.
 However, she would skyrocket into a peerless expert later on. She would restore the Great Xia Dynasty and unify the nation.
 So, in this life, he must ride Murong Xingqiao’s coattails.
 Of course, there was also Yi Caidie. She was the descendant of the first Linglong Holy Lord and possessed the qualifications to open the Linglong Treasury.
 These two women are hugely valuable to me, so I must make good use of them. I must use them to rise up in this life.  It’s a pity that Shi Potian has been eliminated, and I don’t know where the Scarlet Copper Hammer ended up. Otherwise, it should have been mine!?Zhu Xiaotian thought.
 But it doesn’t matter if there’s one less Scarlet Copper Hammer. What’s important right now is to obtain the top weapon on the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Divine Weapon Rankings—the Reverse Scale Sword.  Zhu Xiaotian remembered that the Reverse Scale Sword was the sword of Ji Qinglan, the Thirteenth Prince of the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 Ji Qinglan was also the top-ranked genius of the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 This fellow was similarly a person with great karmic luck. That Reverse Scale Sword was obtained in the ruins of an immortal abode, and it was said to be an Immortal Artifact.
 Such an immortal artifact-level divine weapon could definitely be ranked ahead of the Three Purities Sword in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Therefore, as long as he obtained the Reverse Scale Sword, he could stop Mo Lin from casting the Demonic Carnage Sword at the same time.
 In that case, he would have the chance to become the first on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 I remember that after a while, Ji Qinglan and the other geniuses in the top ten of the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Ranking will come to Nan’an City during the Lantern Festival and challenge the top ten of the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings!  Although I lost to Ji Qinglan back then, my cultivation and strength are far beyond my previous self. I can definitely beat him. At that time, I’ll take a page from that Li Yu’s book and bet with Ji Qinglan to win that Reverse Scale Sword of his! If there’s really no other way, I’ll think of a way to kill and snatch the sword!  A cold glint flashed in Zhu Xiaotian’s eyes while he slowly clenched his right hand.
 He had to obtain the Reverse Scale Sword no matter what.
  There’s also Murong Cang’s Tianwen Sword, the Blood Spirit Monarch’s Blood Spirit Sword, and the Black Flood Dragon War Halberd of the Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon. I must obtain them too!  He remembered that the Tianwen Sword, the Blood Spirit Sword, and the Black Flood Dragon War Halberd were respectively the third, fourth, and sixth-ranked divine weapons.
 Until here, Zhu Xiaotian  had the big picture in his mind. He was filled with confidence and high spirits.
 “Uncle Zhong, accompany me to the Jade Pure Dao Sect!” Zhu Xiaotian walked out of his room and called for his guardian.
 He was about to head to the Jade Pure Dao Sect to meet Perfected Yu Hua.
 “Yes, Young Master!” An old man with shriveled skin but eyes as sharp as an eagle bowed and replied.
 He then took out the flying boat and summoned 20 Zhu Family secret guards to escort Zhu Xiaotian to the southeast.
 …
Chapter 21: Perfected Yu Hua’s Choice  
 In the Jade Pure Dao Sect’s Clear Jade Hall.
 Perfected Yu Hua’s face was filled with shock after hearing what Elder Hu and the rest had reported.
 “This kid is the real deal!”
 “What a pity, what a pity. If only he could become a disciple of my sect for us to fully nurture him. Although he cultivates a martial arts body refinement technique, he’ll probably be able to inherit my sect’s orthodoxy in less than a hundred years and surpass us to become the hope of my sect’s rise!” Perfected Yu Hua sighed repeatedly.
 “Yes indeed. It’s a pity that this child is a stubborn one. Sect Master, do you want me to kidnap him here?” Elder Hu said.
 That was what he wanted to do the most now.
  “No, we stand for what’s right. How can we do such despicable acts like those demon sects!” Perfected Yu Hua said seriously.
 Elder Hu sighed indignantly.
 “Elder Hu, although this child did not join our sect, he is still part of our orthodox path. We must protect and help him. We can’t let this child be harmed by the demon sects and die young.
 “If this child can one day fulfill his potential in the future, he would become the hope of our Great Xia Dynasty’s orthodox sects!” Perfected Yu Hua said earnestly.
 “Understood!” Elder Hu cupped his hands. He knew that the sect master was concerned about the world’s welfare, and everything was in the interest of the bigger picture.
 “Sect master, sect master, it’s bad news!” At this moment, an elder ran inside in panic with a wooden box in his hand.
 “What happened to Elder Ma?” Perfected Yu Hua’s heart palpitated as his expression tensed.
 He had received too much bad news over the past few days.
 First, the Heavenly Water Pavilion was destroyed by the demonic child.
 Then, he heard that a Demon Mystic Flood Dragon had appeared in the Black Sea of the Yun Prefecture, flooding three cities and causing misery and suffering to all life.
 Not long ago, he heard that the Netherworld Demon Sect colluded with the Northern Desert Wolf King Clan to invade the Grand Xia Dynasty’s Mo Prefecture.
 The last thing he wanted to hear was the word “bad”.
 Of course, the thing that worried him the most was the devil child that had disappeared after destroying the Heavenly Water Pavilion.
 He could vaguely guess that the demonic child’s strength had been greatly reduced after being sealed for countless years.
 Although he had destroyed the Heavenly Water Pavilion, it was likely that he would be heavily injured by the sword might after Shan Ruoshui used her Essence Soul’s blood essence as a sacrifice.
 Therefore, he might have temporarily hidden somewhere to recuperate, or he might have left the Great Xia Dynasty.
 However, as long as the devil child was not eliminated, he would feel as if there was a thorn in his back.
 Therefore, every time he heard Elder Ma shout, “Bad news!”
 His first reaction was that the demon child had arrived.
 “Sect Master, Elder Xu, Elder Chu, and Elder Liu have been captured by the Netherworld Demon Sect. Just now, the Netherworld Demon Sect had sent over… Elder Liu’s head!” Elder Ma said with a grim expression.
 Then, he handed over the wooden box in his hand, which contained a head.
 “What!” Perfected Yu Hua only felt a bolt of lightning strike his mind.
 Looking at Elder Liu’s head, he was overwhelmed with grief.
 “Bastard! Mo Lin, that bastard!” Perfected Yu Hua could not restrain his anger as he clenched his fists tightly.
 Rich spiritual power exploded from his body, his Daoist robe flapped, and his eyes surged with anger.
 Elder Xu, Chu, and Liu were originally leading a group of disciples.
 They had gone to the Yun Prefecture to subdue the Demon Mystic Flood Dragon and save the commoners from evil. Little did they expect the Netherworld Demon Sect to launch an attack at this moment. They even killed Elder Liu.
 How could Perfected Yu Hua not be angry?
 “Mo Lin, are you declaring war on Jade Pure Dao Sect?” Perfected Yu Hua’s gaze seemed capable of killing.
  Although he did not want to start a war with the Netherworld Demon Sect, he did not want people to die in misery and increase bloodshed.
 In addition, the world was not peaceful. Great demons were rampant, and there was the threat of the birth of the demon child.
 Obviously, the Netherworld Demon Sect could not restrain themselves anymore.
 War was inevitable!
 “Curse that Mo Lin! Sect Leader, I’m willing to bring people to save them!” Elder Hu’s eyes were red, and he was fuming mad.
 “Um… Sect Master… Mo Lin also said that you should go to the Northern Boreal City of the Mo Prefecture to negotiate with him. If you don’t go… he’ll send you a head every day!” Elder Ma’s voice became softer and softer as he spoke.
 However, he hurriedly shouted, “Sect Master, this is definitely part of a scheme. You must not fall for Mo Lin’s trap!”
 “That’s right. Sect Master, there’s probably a trap here. Let’s not be anxious first. Let’s take our time and think about it!” Another elder by the side, Chen, hurriedly advised.
 He knew that Perfected Yu Hua was very protective of his sect. When he saw Elder Liu being killed and his sect’s disciple captured, he would not suppress his anger.
 “If I don’t go, Elder Xu and the rest will all die! Even if that Mo Lin sets up an ambush, I have to go too. Otherwise, how can I face the entire sect’s disciples in the future!” Perfected Yu Hua was enraged.
 He could not bear to see his sect’s elders and disciples being killed one by one.
 “Sect Master, you can’t go. Allow me to do it. I’ll bring disciples to meet that Mo Lin. If there’s really a trap, I’ll accept my death!” Elder Hu said.
 “Elder Hu, don’t add to the chaos. At this time, we must calm down. We must not fall for Mo Lin’s trap!” Elder Chen shouted.
 Elder Hu harrumphed and fell silent.
 The hall fell into a long silence.
 Perfected Yu Hua was struggling internally. If he went, he might jump into a trap.
 If he did not go, he would not be able to get over his conscience. He would probably have problems with his Dao heart in the future if he did nothing and watched his own sect members being killed.
 He would no longer bring himself to face all of his disciples.
 He did not want to be seen as a coward, nor did he want to be despised.
 Right at this moment, another disciple reported that Zhu Xiaotian from the Liang Prefecture’s Zhu family was here to seek an audience. He had something to tell Perfected Yu Hua.
 “Bring him over at once!” Perfected Yu Hua ordered.
 Not long after, Zhu Xiaotian was brought into the hall. After exchanging greetings, Zhu Xiaotian went straight to the point. “Sect Master Yu Hua, you should have heard about the Netherworld Demon Sect colluding with the Northern Desert Wolf King Clan to attack the Mo Prefecture, right?”
 “Indeed!” Perfected Yu Hua nodded with a serious expression.
 “Zhu Family’s intelligence network has also inquired about a shocking piece of news. It’s regarding the Netherworld Demon Sect, so I’ve come to inform the sect master!” Zhu Xiaotian continued.
 “Please speak, Young Master Zhu!”
 “It’s said that Mo Lin is casting an unrivaled demonic sword…” Zhu Xiaotian told Perfected Yu Hua in detail about Mo Lin casting the Demonic Carnage Sword.
 “And he’s currently short of one person with a metal spirit body!”
 Upon hearing this, Perfected Yu Hua, Elder Chen, Elder Hu, and the rest looked at each other in shock.
 “Sect Master, I knew that there was definitely a conspiracy in this negotiation. He kidnapped Elder Xu and the others to lure you over. Sect Master, you can’t go no matter what!” Elder Chen advised again.
  Everyone knew that Perfected Yu Hua had a metal spirit body. Mo Lin’s motive was clear.
 Perfected Yu Hua fell silent. He was also weighing the pros and cons.
 If he really fell into a trap and allowed Mo Lin to complete the Demonic Carnage Sword, then the world would really suffer.
 “That’s right. Sect Master Yu Hua, you must calm down at this moment. A small sacrifice is better than slaughtering all the living beings in the world.
 “Now that the Netherworld Demon Sect and the Wolf King Clan occupied the Mo Prefecture, it would surely incur the wrath of the heavens and the resentment of everyone. All the heroes of the world would swarm over to attack them.
 “Why don’t Sect Master Yu Hua take this opportunity to ally with all the orthodox sects of our Great Xia Dynasty to suppress the Netherworld Demon Sect?
 “Moreover, according to my knowledge, His Majesty is preparing to send an elite army to the Mo Prefecture. At that time, the Xia Dynasty’s cavalry will restrain the Wolf King’s clan’s army, and Perfected Yu Hua could take the opportunity to lead the orthodox sects to attack the Netherworld Demon Sect. Even if we can’t destroy them in one go, we can at least inflict severe damage to the Netherworld Demon Sect and even prevent the Demonic Carnage Sword from completion!”
 …
Chapter 22: You Know Nothing  
 The news that the Netherworld Demon Sect conquered most of the Mo Prefecture with the help of the Northern Desert Wolf King Clan spread like wildfire in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 The world was shaken as panic spread.
 Since the disciples of the Netherworld Demon Sect had practically occupied half of the Hidden Dragon Rankings. It was a constant reminder to everyone how terrifying and powerful the Netherworld Demon Sect was.
 The Heavenly Dao Rankings seemed shrouded in terrifying dark clouds. It enveloped the entire dynasty and the commoners, making them feel uneasy.
 In addition, the news of the demonic child destroying the Heavenly Water Pavilion had  cast a shadow over the hearts of the people of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Now, the Netherworld Demon Sect had encroached on the territory of the Great Xia Dynasty with the Northern Desert Wolf King Clan, killing the famous general of the Great Xia Dynasty, Ye Gusheng, and his army.
  To the commoners, this was simply the sign of the collapse of their world.
 Moreover, the Wolf King clan had always been a thorn stuck in the hearts of the citizens of the Great Xia Dynasty. Their presence was like a sword that was hanging above their heads.
 Therefore, it was easy to imagine their panic when they heard that the Wolf King’s clan had invaded Mo Prefecture.
 Thus, insecurity and fear swept the nation.
 In the imperial palace of the Grand Xia Dynasty, in the emperor’s chambers.
 “Cough, cough, cough… Is Ye Guxiong’s injury serious?”
 On the bed, the sickly and weak Murong Cang asked feebly.
 He had almost died on the spot from anger when he heard about Mo Prefecture’s situation.
 Ye Gusheng had died in the battle, and Ye Guxiong was also severely injured.
 It meant that the Great Xia Dynasty had lost two of its prominent generals at once.
 The loss of most of the Mo Prefecture’s territory was a heavy blow.
 “Currently, we have  sent him back to the Ye Residence. His life is no longer in danger, but it will probably be difficult for him to enter the battlefield soon.” The Grand Commandant, Zhao Qiu, said, “The only person who can lead the army to war now is Ye Guxing of the Ye Family, but he is currently guarding the borders of Qing Prefecture…”
 “Then send Ye Guxing!” Murong Cang said.
 “Your Majesty, then the Xi Liang Dynasty might take the opportunity to attack!” Prime Minister Zhu Hongyuan said.
 “Qingzhou’s Jade Peak Pass is easy to hold and difficult to invade. Even if the Xi Liang Dynasty wants to attack, they won’t be able to breach the border in a short while. The war in the north is more urgent now… We must stop the Wolf King clan from advancing south no matter what!” Murong Cang said weakly, then coughed violently.
 In the recent hundred years, the Xi Liang Dynasty’s military power had become far superior to the Great Xia Dynasty.
 More than a decade ago, the Xi Liang Dynasty invaded the Great Xia Dynasty and annexed large areas of territory.
 In the end, the Great Xia Dynasty had no choice but to cede the entire Wen Prefecture to the Xi Liang Dynasty and compensate them with a large amount of gold, silver, and treasures.
 He even sent away many princesses through political marriages in exchange for more than ten years of peace.
 However, in recent years, the Xi Liang Dynasty seemed restless and eager to make trouble.
 The current Great Xia Dynasty was facing both internal and external threats.
 However, Murong Cang knew he did not have much time left. He could not do much.
 Zhu Hongyuan fell silent. He had no say concerning the war, and he had no better idea at the moment.
 The north was more urgent than the west.
 They could cede more land in the west in exchange for temporary peace.
 On the other hand, invaders in the north wanted to eat meat and drink blood. They killed, robbed, and committed all kinds of notorious crimes. They were savages impossible to reason with.
 …
 The Grand Xia Dynasty’s Mo Prefecture, Netherworld Demon Sect.
 The Sect Master of the Netherworld Demon Sect, Mo Lin, took off his mask and walked towards a middle-aged man restrained by a piece of magic equipment. He said with a cold smile, “Qingyun Zi, it’s probably been a long time since someone addressed you like this!”
 The man turned his head at the sound, and a tinge of surprise surfaced on his handsome face. “It’s you!”
 This man was none other than Li Yu’s father, Li Qingyun.
 Li Qingyun was in Qinghang Town, located around 30 kilometers from Luo Water Town, tricking a large family into investing in his Daoist temple.
 In the end, he had only just swindled a large sum of money when he was kidnapped by the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 At first, he was slightly surprised. Had the Netherworld Demon Sect taken the wrong medicine?
 What was the point of kidnapping a nobody like him who had nothing but a handsome face?
 However, when he saw the true face of Netherworld Demon Sect’s Sect Master, Mo Lin, he came to a sudden realization.
 Enemies were indeed bound to meet on a narrow road!
 “What’s wrong? You couldn’t stay in the Netherworld Cult anymore and came to the Great Xia Dynasty to form your own faction?” Li Qingyun asked with a grin.
 Mo Lin coldly snorted as he looked at Li Qingyun with a mocking expression and said, “What right do you have to speak ill of me here? As the mighty and illustrious Holy Son of the Divine Firmament Holy Land, you actually slaughtered your way into the Clear Void Holy Land and killed many orthodox experts for a demonic girl. No matter how I think of it, such a deed of yours sounds like it’s something only we are capable of doing.”
 “Li Qingyun, I think that you should have really joined our Netherworld Cult back then!” Mo Lin looked at Li Qingyun teasingly.
 After the Heavenly Dao Rankings had exposed the top genius of the Grand Xia Dynasty was Li Yu, he coincidentally heard Li Qingyun’s name during his investigation of ‘That’s Quite A Large Sect’.
 He did not expect that Li Qingyun, who was as dazzling as the stars, as powerful as a god, and who shook the world and led an era, would turn out like this.
 Appearing in a small place like this in the Grand Xia Dynasty.
 Back in his glory days, Li Qingyun had fought against the world by himself for the sake of the woman he loved. Although it had caused a stir, it was limited to the cultivation world’s circles, and few people in the secular world knew about it.
 There were probably some people in the Great Xia Dynasty who had heard of this event. Still, not many knew of Li Qingyun.
 Mo Lin was from the Netherworld Cult in the Great Zenith Domain and was a core member. Therefore, he had met and fought Li Qingyun many times.
 They knew each other too.
 As the Divine Firmament Holy Land’s Holy Son, Li Qingyun had led the charge in the past and killed countless disciples of the Netherworld Cult.
 His beloved junior sister had died under Li Qingyun’s sword that year.
 Therefore, he and Li Qingyun could be considered irreconcilable.
 However, Li Qingyun was too powerful back then. Even ten of himself was not his match. He had even once lived in fear of being under this guy’s mercy.
 Who would have thought that the world was fickle and that this blessed son of heaven would fall from grace overnight?
 Li Qingyun became a scum despised by the people of the orthodox path, and his reputation was ruined as he was driven out of the Great Zenith Domain.
 From then on, he disappeared and gradually faded from everyone’s memories.
 Mo Lin did not expect to meet him here in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 “Ptui, don’t flatter yourselves. You guys aren’t worthy!” Li Qingyun snapped.
 Mo Lin grabbed Li Qingyun’s collar and yelled angrily, “Li Qingyun, stop f*cking around with that arrogance here. Do you think you’re still that Qingyun Zi from back then?
 “Your cultivation level has been crippled by the Divine Firmament Holy Lord, and your meridians have been snapped by members of your orthodox sects. What’s the difference between you and trash now? Anyone of my disciples can easily crush you to death!”
 “If you want to kill me, then kill me. Cut the nonsense!” Li Qingyun looked impatient.
 Having experienced the ups and downs of life, he had long been indifferent to life and death.
 Now that he was in the hands of Mo Lin, he never thought of leaving alive.
 “Hmph, then you might have to wait. When you and your son reunite, I will personally send you both on your way. With your son Li Yu by your side, you won’t be lonely anymore traveling to the underworld!” Mo Lin said with a cold smile, his gaze icy.
 “You want to use me to lure Li Yu over here!?” Li Qingyun’s expression changed as he revealed a shocked expression.
 “Haha, so what about it? Are you afraid?” Mo Lin laughed. He was immensely pleased with Li Qingyun’s reaction.
 He wanted Li Qingyun to feel what it felt like to be overwhelmed by fear.
 “No, just that your Netherworld Demon Sect is finished!”
 Li Qingyun’s reply startled Mo Lin.
  “What? Do you mean by some chance Li Yu can annihilate my Netherworld Demon Sect? Hahaha! Li Qingyun, are you trying to intimidate me? You should come up with a decent reason first! You really thought that a mere brat like Li Yu could overturn the heavens?
 “Even if he was the first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, that was only the ranking among a group of kids. Did you think he’s really invincible?
 “And don’t you think it’s shameful to use your son to scare others? Li Qingyun, you’re really becoming more and more delusional the longer you live. I really look down on you!”
 “Humph, there are plenty of people who look down on me. Who do you think you are? You’d better think hard about your last words!” Li Qingyun could not be bothered to talk nonsense with Mo Lin.
 He had thought that Mo Lin had kidnapped him to take revenge for what happened back then.
 He did not expect that this fellow would want to involve Li Yu.
 Foolish people of the demonic path, you know nothing of my son’s power.  …
Chapter 23: I’m Going to the Front Line  
 Nan’an City’s Ye family, the General’s Estate.
 “Mother, let me out, let me out! The imperial decree has  been issued. If you continue to lock me up, that would be disobeying the imperial decree!” Ye Qiu kept shouting inside his locked room.
 “I’m doing this for your own good. No matter what, I won’t let you enter the front line. In a while, I’ll go and beg His Majesty. If it’s not possible, I will go there to fight in your place!” Ye Qiu’s mother, Yang Shengnan, said firmly.
 After Ye Qiu returned from Luo Water Town two days ago, he kept clamoring about entering some Qingyun Sect.
 He claimed that the sect was filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons, and the sect’s Eldest Senior Brother was the first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, Li Yu.
 And Li Yu had also killed the demon child who had destroyed the Heavenly Water Pavilion.
  Logically speaking, she should be aware of the person ranked first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 However, no one had heard of Li Yu and that unknown sect before.
 How did her son find Li Yu?
 Moreover, the first thing Li Yu demanded was 1000 silver taels as Ye Qiu’s fees. Ye Qiu could enter any sect in the Great Xia Dynasty without spending any money with his talent. And 1000 silver taels all at once was simply a daylight robbery.
 It was more ridiculous that Ye Qiu claimed that Li Yu had killed the demon child with a single strike.
 If the entire Heaven Water Pavilion was no match for the demonic child, how could a child like Li Yu kill the demon child casually?
 It certainly seemed like a scam.
 Thus she felt that something was wrong. All kinds of signs pointed to the possibility that Ye Qiu had encountered swindlers.
 She believed that the so-called killing of the demon child was either a lie they fabricated or an illusion created by their tricks.
 In short, there was something fishy about the matter, so Yang Shengnan locked Ye Qiu up to prevent him from going astray.
 However, tragedy struck in the north. Her younger brother-in-law, Ye Gusheng, had died in battle while her husband, Ye Guxiong, was severely injured.
 The Ye family was immediately shrouded in sorrow and gloom.
 Yang Shengnan let Ye Qiu off to visit his father, and he stopped mentioning joining the Qingyun Sect.
 Little did she expect that her kid would actually say that he wanted to go to the front line to fight the Wolf King clan to avenge his third uncle and father.
 Yang Shengnan did not want her son to die like that, so she locked him up again.
 To her disbelief, Emperor Murong Cang had issued a decree ordering Ye Qiu to follow Ye Guxing to suppress the Wolf King Clan.
 In Yang Shengnan’s opinion, this was simply sending Ye Qiu to his death.
 Although Ye Qiu was not young, he had no experience on the battlefield. Sending him to deal with such a dangerous enemy was simply sending him to his death.
 Moreover, the Grand Commandant must be behind this, using this opportunity to continue undermining the Ye family.
 After all, the Ye Family’s experts were not the only generals in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 The Ye Family disciples, loyal to the emperor, were basically sent to the most dangerous place up north, where they had a slim chance of survival.
 As for those who clung to Grand Commandant Zhao Qiu, they were all carefree.
 Yang Shengnan felt that it was unfair. Even if she had to take the risk of infuriating the emperor, she had to protect her son.
 “Mother, don’t go. Military orders cannot be disobeyed. You can’t change anything even if you do that. You’ll only enrage His Majesty!” Ye Qiu shouted.
 Yang Shengnan did not reply. Instead, she left the estate resolutely and headed for the palace.
 She would protect Ye Qiu no matter what.
 However, Yang Shengnan was chased back without even seeing the emperor.
 She was unwilling to accept this fate, and she repeatedly asked for help through connections. She even begged the prime minister and the crown prince.
 However, other than Murong Xingqiao, no one else agreed to help.
  In the end, although Murong Xingqiao went to see the emperor and pleaded on behalf of Ye Qiu, it did not change anything.
 After all, there was too much interest involved in this. It was difficult for Murong Xingqiao to affect anything by himself.
 Ye Qiu’s life and death seemed too insignificant in this power struggle.
 In her despair, Yang Shengnan thought of Li Yu, the likely swindler Ye Qiu had mentioned.
 A drowning person was willing to struggle even if he only caught a straw.
 “Qiu’er, since that Li Yu you mentioned is so powerful, why don’t you find him and ask him for help? Since he can kill the demon child with a single strike, he can also easily repel the Wolf King Clan!” Yang Shengnan said.
 She  had the mindset of making a Hail Mary effort.
 Trying anything was better than sitting around and watching Ye Qiu die for nothing. And something told her that Li Yu might help her son to stay safe.
 “Mother, how am I supposed to ask for help regarding this matter? He doesn’t have the obligation or responsibility to repel the Wolf King Clan. Ultimately, I’m not a member of the Qingyun Sect yet. So what qualifications do I have to ask for his help?!” Ye Qiu said.
 “If he’s really as strong as you say, then let him prove it. If he can defeat the Wolf King’s clan, Mom will allow you to enter the Qingyun Sect. You can spend as much money as you want, even if it means going broke!” Yang Shengnan said impatiently. She seemed haggard at the moment.
 Ye Qiu did not reply.
 He felt that Li Yu definitely could defeat the Wolf King Clan.
 However, this was not his duty. He had no obligation to help the Great Xia Dynasty clean up their mess, nor did he need to prove anything to the Ye family.
 Ye Qiu knew that his mother was too worried and had  lost her mind, and he could understand why she said such things.
 He had planned to bid farewell to Li Yu and explain the situation before leaving for the front line. A man had to honor his promise, and he could not just leave without a word like this.
 Now that his mother would finally let him out to find Li Yu, he could not tell her his thoughts.
 “Alright. Mom, I’ll give it a try!” After a moment of silence, Ye Qiu nodded and said.
 The next day, before the sun rose, Ye Qiu rode his flying spirit beast and flew in the direction of Qing Prefecture.
 When he arrived at the Nine-tailed Mountain of Luo Water Town, it was  afternoon.
 At this moment, a group of craftsmen was expanding the Daoist temple.
 Apart from the original main hall, almost all the walls and buildings of the Daoist temple were rebuilt.
 After all, Li Yu wanted to construct a sect that could accommodate a thousand people. At the same time, he also had to consider further expansion after the sect became stronger. Therefore, he revised the overall layout of the sect’s buildings.
 Of course, the plan was designed by professional craftsmen. It could satisfy the current functional needs as well as facilitate expansion in the future.
 According to the current plan, the sect’s facilities would be essentially complete.
 The Hall of Mount Gate, the square, the bell tower, the front hall, the main hall, the east and west deputy hall.
 The Sect Leader’s Court, the Elder’s Court, the Dao Comprehension Room, the Martial Arts Arena, the Alchemy Pavilion, the Refining Pavilion, the Technique Pavilion, and so on, were all part of the plans.
 Even the mountain gate at the foot of the mountain was in renovation.
 Li Yu took the initiative to change the sect’s name to Qingyun Sect.
 The entire sect would also expand to more than ten times its original size, not inferior to the standard of a middle-tier sect in the Grand Xia Dynasty.
  Of course, this was costly. It was not a big deal since Li Yu looted the Juyi Hall.
 Along with the sixteen thousand spirit stones that he had won from the bet, it was enough to support him in building a proper sect.
 At the moment, Li Yu was idling under a large tree.
 He thought about the future of the sect and plans for dinner.
 “Senior Brother!” Ye Qiu rode his spirit beast and flew over.
 Then, he jumped down from the air and landed steadily in front of Li Yu.
 Li Yu was delighted to see Ye Qiu return. He almost shouted, “Did you bring the money?”
 …
Chapter 24: Ye Qiu’s Crisis!  
 After Ye Qiu greeted Li Yu, Li Yu could tell that he was troubled.
 “What’s wrong? Did something happen at home? If you don’t have enough money for your school fees, you can owe me first. You only need to write an IOU!” Li Yu said with a smile.
 “Senior Brother, no, Master Li, I’m sorry. I might not be able to enter Qingyun Sect for the time being!” Ye Qiu said with a guilty look.
 “What’s the matter?” Li Yu’s heart tightened, and he thought to himself that he could not let this big fish slip.
 “I’m going to the north to join the army!” Ye Qiu said after a moment of silence before he told Li Yu the truth about the northern war.
 However, he still could not bring himself to open his mouth and request Li Yu’s help. After all, Li Yu did not have such an obligation.
  Li Yu felt helpless after hearing Ye Qiu’s explanation. Ye Qiu had no choice as he was born into a family of generals. It only took one decree from the Emperor, and Ye Qiu had to serve in the army in his father’s place.
 It was a pity that he had finally managed to get a talented junior brother who was about to become cannon fodder on the battlefield.
 However, everyone had their own fate. He could not force Ye Qiu, so he could only respect his choice.
 “Since you called me Senior Brother, then I’m  your Senior Brother. I’ll wait for you to return triumphantly from the sect. If you still want to become our disciple then, my Qingyun Sect will welcome you anytime!” Li Yu patted Ye Qiu’s shoulder.
 “Right, if I can come back alive this time, I will definitely return to join the sect!” Ye Qiu cupped his hands. “Senior Brother, it’s getting late. I shall take my leave. I’m leaving early tomorrow morning to rush to the front line of the Mo Prefecture!”
 “Alright, then I’ll congratulate Junior Brother on your victory and triumphant return in advance!” Li Yu cupped his hands.
 Ye Qiu cupped his hands and did not say anything else.
 He jumped back onto the back of the flying spirit beast, waved goodbye to Li Yu, and flew in the direction he had come from.
 Li Yu looked at Ye Qiu’s back view and could not help but shake his head regretfully. “Sigh, changes run faster than plans. I thought Ye Qiu is bringing the hefty sum of payment over. This way, I can save up more spirit stones!”
 At night, a figure in a black robe with strange patterns embroidered flew over from afar in silence.
 However, just as he reached the temple, which was only left with a hall, Li Yu’s figure appeared out of thin air as he stood in front of him.
 “Who are you?” Li Yu asked coldly.
 From the way this person was dressed, he did not seem to be a good person.
 “Ghost Walk, Netherworld Demon Sect!” The man introduced himself. After all, he was not here to assassinate, so there was no need to hide his identity.
 The Netherworld Demon Sect!?Li Yu’s brows suddenly knit together because the fiend sects had finally made a move.
 “Are you here to kill me?” Li Yu asked calmly.
 “No, your father is currently a guest in our Netherworld Demon Sect. Our Sect Master is a hospitable person, and he would like to invite you over. Oh yes, before you go, you must bring the baby divine bird and the Heavenly Spirit Pill with you!” Ghost Walk said eccentrically.
 Bang!
 A terrifying killing aura instantly erupted from Li Yu’s body, scaring Ghost Walk to the point his expression changed.
 However, before he could react, he realized that a hand seemed to have reached out from the void and grabbed his neck.
 At the same time, Li Yu’s murderous face appeared in his field of vision.
 “Netherworld Demon Sect must be tired of existing. And you dare capture my father!” Killing intent and rage rarely seen surfaced in Li Yu’s eyes.
 If the Netherworld Demon Sect came for him, he would not be angry at all. He would treat it as killing monsters to level up and farm for equipment.
 However, using his father as a hostage and threatening his family’s safety had touched his bottom line.
 Having his throat locked by Li Yu, Ghost Walk was scared out of his wits as cold sweat broke out on his back.
 He never imagined such terrifying strength from Li Yu.
 He did not even manage to see how Li Yu had arrived in front of him earlier.
  Especially when he sensed the terrifying aura that he emitted, he felt that Li Yu was even more terrifying than their sect master.
 Now that his life was in the other party’s hands, Ghost Walk could only blabber, “That’s, that’s right. Y-your father is in our hands, don’t you dare do anything rash, otherwise you…”
 Crack!
 Before Gui Xing could finish his sentence, his neck was broken by Li Yu.
 “Netherworld Demon Sect. Playing dirty, huh? Then don’t blame me for being merciless!” Li Yu said coldly.
 Since the Netherworld Demon Sect had  threatened his father’s safety, that sect could not be spared anymore.
 It was also a chance to relieve the pressure on the orthodox sects of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 At this moment, the system mission interface suddenly popped up: [Kill Mo Lin and eliminate the Netherworld Demon Sect. You can obtain 20 Prestige points.]
 Good timing!  A wisp of a smile curved up the corners of Li Yu’s mouth. He had just intended to eliminate the Netherworld Demon Sect for good, and the system issued the mission. Since he could earn some money from it, he had no reason to let the Netherworld Demon Sect off.
 However, just as Li Yu was about to put away the mission panel, his gaze could not help but be attracted by Ye Qiu’s name.
 At this moment, his name had turned red with the word ‘danger’ at the side.
 Ye Qiu’s trip to the Mo Prefecture to fight the war is indeed dangerous! Judging from this notification, this kid is probably becoming cannon fodder!  Li Yu recalled that Ye Qiu had said that the Mo Prefecture had fallen because the Netherworld Demon Sect had joined forces with the Wolf King Clan.
 The Wolf King clan slaughtered, robbed, and committed all kinds of crimes. Currently, the people there were in misery and suffering.
 If the Wolf King’s clan continued south and the Mo Prefecture fell completely, the Great Xia Dynasty would be completely exposed to the wolf cavalry army of the Wolf King Clan.
 It could directly cause the fall of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Initially, Li Yu did not plan to interfere in this matter. After all, it was handled by the officials. He was not a saint, nor did he want to be a hero. There was no need for him to be a busybody.
 However, now that the Netherworld Demon Sect had implicated him, he decided to head to the Mo Prefecture to eliminate the Netherworld Demon Sect. While he was at it, he would also eradicate the Wolf King Clan, who was in cahoots with the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 Anyway, he could settle it with one sword!
 In the end, Li Yu still could not bear to part with a possible cash cow like Ye Qiu.
 After Ye Qiu left today, he regretted not taking action earlier.
 If this guy really died, he would not only lose a genius junior brother, he would also lose a large sum of sect fees. There was also the tempting Ancient Emperor Qing Cang’s hidden treasure mission.
 If the war in the north was over, peace would return to the Great Xia Dynasty. While Ye Qiu would probably not need to fight in the war and he could enter their Qingyun Sect again.
 After some thoughts and considerations, Li Yu called Tang Chi over and handed over the supervision of their sect’s construction project to him.
 Nan’an City’s Ye Residence. It was just past three in the morning, and Ye Qiu was  prepared to set off.
 After Ye Guxing received the decree, he had  headed straight for the Mo Prefecture from the Qing Prefecture border.
  Meanwhile, Ye Qiu would bring a group of light cavalrymen that escorted his father back and set out from Nan’an City. They head north to the Mo Prefecture to meet up with Ye Guxing.
 In order to ease his mother’s fear, Ye Qiu lied and said that Li Yu agreed to help him fight the enemy. And that they would surely emerge victorious this time and expel the Wolf King Clan from the country.
 Perhaps the sign of a man’s maturity was when he learns to tell white lies.
 Besides their own countries, there were some things that they had to protect and defend with their lives. After all, they have to protect the hearts of their parents, wife, and children too.
 Although Ye Qiu’s flawless lie made Yang Shengnan skeptical, and she even thought that the ‘Li Yu’ that Ye Qiu spoke of was a cheat, she had no other choice. If she did not comply, her entire family would be executed.
 Therefore, Yang Shengnan could only send Ye Qiu off with tears streaming down her face.
 She held onto the slim hope that Li Yu was truly as capable as Ye Qiu had described him to be.
 …
Chapter 25: That Relieving Backview  
 In a villa outside Nan’an City, in a pavilion in the middle of a lake, the Third Prince, Murong Taisheng, played Go with a woman.
 “Your Highness, is it really worth it?” the woman asked as she put down a white stone.
 She was the daughter of Grand Commandant Zhao Qiu—Zhao Xue.
 “Back then, His Majesty ceded land to the West Liang Dynasty in exchange for a short period of peace. Do you think it was worth it?” Murong Taisheng said as he placed a black stone down.
 “I’m only sacrificing a portion of the Mo Prefecture’s territory so I can use the Wolf King Clan to eliminate the Ye Family completely. At the same time, it will relieve the pressure on the Luo Family due to the Wolf King Clan. Don’t you think it’s worth it!”
 “I’m just worried that the Wolf King’s family is not that compliant. If the Mo Prefecture really falls, I’m afraid that Jing Prefecture will be in danger too!” Zhao Xue smiled and said.
  She understood the strength of the Ye Family’s generals and their prestige among the army and the citizens.
 The issue was that the Ye family was only loyal to the current emperor and had a good relationship with the Crown Prince. That was why Murong Taisheng needed to get rid of the Ye family at all costs.
 As long as the Ye family was around, it was almost impossible for him to usurp the throne.
 “Don’t worry, between the Grand Xia Dynasty and the Wolf King’s clan, the Netherworld Demon Sect will surely choose the Grand Xia Dynasty that can bring more benefits to their sect! The Netherworld Demon Sect will not allow the Wolf King’s clan to invade the Grand Xia Dynasty!” Murong Taisheng said.
 At this moment, a man rushed over and bowed. He looked at Zhao Xue and hesitated to speak.
 “It’s alright. Xue’er is not an outsider!” Murong Taisheng said.
 That person continued, “Your Highness, the Netherworld Demon Sect has replied to you. They will help us get rid of Li Yu. In addition, Ye Qiu has  left the Jing Prefecture and is about to enter the Mo Prefecture! The Netherworld Demon Sect has  rushed over to intercept him!”
 “Mm, very good. Li Yu, Ye Qiu, you two geniuses shall rest in peace!” Murong Taisheng placed his black stone down and could not help but laugh proudly. “Xue’er, you’ve lost!”
 …
 At the border of Jing Prefecture and Mo Prefecture, Ye Qiu led a group of light cavalry as they rapidly advanced through the mountain path.
 He had to reach Tiger Forest Pass before night fell and meet up with his second uncle.
 However, right at this moment, a silver stream of light suddenly flew out of the forest.
 With a crackle, the front legs of Ye Qiu’s horse were chopped off.
 The horse lost its footing and flipped forward, but Ye Qiu reacted instantly. His movements were quick as he jumped up immediately.
 Then, he did a somersault and landed steadily on the ground.
 At this moment, the silver light spun around and slashed toward Ye Qiu again.
 It was a magic artifact in the shape of a crescent moon spinning at high speed.
 Ye Qiu held the Azure Dragon Spear and swept it out. With a clang, he blocked the incoming magic artifact.
 As a result, it landed in the hands of a black-robed person who had appeared out of nowhere.
 This person’s long hair scattered down, covering the left half of his face. His right cheek was pale as a zombie.
 There were four other people following him: three men and one woman. All of them were wearing black robes with strange patterns embroidered on them.
 Ye Qiu recognized this pattern.
 “Netherworld Demon Sect!” Ye Qiu’s brows furrowed tightly, and he was shocked in his heart.
 They were afraid of being ambushed on the way, so they specially chose an extremely well-hidden path that few people knew. The light cavalry unit managed to send Ye Guxiong safely back to Nan’an City using this secret path.
 Other than the soldiers present, no one else knew that they would be taking this path.
 It seems like there’s an enemy spy among us!  Wait, he should be an enemy from within the Grand Xia Dynasty.  Ye Qiu was well aware that he was only a minor character compared to this war.
 Although his surname was Ye, he was still a greenhorn. He had never even been on the battlefield.
 As for his combat power level, it seemed to be of little use in changing the outcome of the war.
 It was reasonable if these people wanted to kill his second uncle.
 The emperor ordered him to the front line only to groom him through learning from Ye Guxing. In the future, he could succeed his father and become another famous general of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Therefore, the only possibility was that someone wanted him to die. To be precise, that person desired for anyone from the Ye Family dead.
 Ye Qiu knew that these people from the Netherworld Demon Sect appearing here was definitely a prearranged ambush.
 It is impossible that I’m only unlucky and just so happen to encounter these killers.  It looks like someone was behind the Netherworld Demon Sect’s colluding with the Wolf King Clan as well.  This is a planned massacre. And the target is the Ye family.   Ye Qiu instantly understood everything. He could even roughly guess who was behind this.
 Even so, what could he do? He did not know whether he could escape today.
 “Young Master, we are not far from the Tiger Forest Pass. We will cover your escape!” Ye Guxiong’s deputy general, Zhang Zhizhong, got Ye Qiu behind him and said softly.
 “Okay!” Ye Qiu nodded. He did not want to die here.
 It was not that he was afraid of death. He was only unwilling to die in this manner and allow evil to prevail.
 Therefore, even if there was a glimmer of hope, he had to fight for it.
 “Fellow masters and experts, wait a moment. I’m one of the Third Prince’s men. I’m one of his men!” A soldier suddenly rushed out and exposed his own identity.
 He was afraid that the assassins would kill him along with Ye Qiu’s company.
 “Kong Jia! Why? Why did you do this?! General Ye has treated you well. How could you turn into a traitor?!” Zhang Zhizhong’s eyes widened in anger. He had guessed that there might be a mole among his group of men. When it was confirmed, he still became furious.
 However, Zhang Zhizhong believed that Kong Jia was probably instigated to turn against him and the Ye Family after arriving in Nan’an City.
 Otherwise, General Ye might not have returned to Nan’an City safely.
 “I… I don’t want to either, but…”
 Slit!
 Before Kong Jia could finish, his head had  been sliced off by the crescent-shaped magic artifact.
 “Attack!” The man with the loose hair ordered as the five of them rushed over.
 “Protect our young master!” Zhang Zhizhong shouted. The soldiers were not afraid of death as they quickly responded to the attack.
 They surrounded Ye Qiu and attempted to delay those five to buy time for Ye Qiu to escape.
 However, the difference in their abilities was too great. Practically in a single exchange, half of Ye Qiu’s men were killed.
 Other than Zhang Zhizhong, who could barely hold on, the other soldiers were not their match at all.
 At the sight of this, Ye Qiu’s heart turned cold.
 Those five from the Netherworld Demon Sect were no lower than the Nascent Soul realm.
 Murong Taisheng had invested a lot in order to get rid of him.
 These few could be considered top-notch experts in the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 “Young Master, run!” Zhang Zhizhong shouted.
 Ye Qiu also wanted to leave but was  stopped by the woman.
 Her expression was cold, and her gaze was filled with cruelty.
 The sword in her hand was like a venomous snake as it mercilessly slashed at Ye Qiu.
 The sword was too quick. Ye Qiu had no time to dodge it and could only use his spear to block.
 Still, their difference was too big.
 The power of that sword blew away the Azure Dragon Spear in Ye Qiu’s hand.
 Ye Qiu’s body also flew out uncontrollably.
 At the same time, that woman approached again and aimed her sword at Ye Qiu’s head.
 “Young master!” Zhang Zhizhong cried out. He used all his strength to break free from his opponent and rushed towards Ye Qiu.
 However, he was too far away to save Ye Qiu.
 Seeing that Ye Qiu was about to die under that woman’s sword, Zhang Zhizhong’s eyes turned red.
 If Ye Qiu died, even if he did not survive here, he would not have the face to see the ancestors of the Ye family.
 As he looked at the sword that sliced through the air and headed for him, despair overwhelmed Ye Qiu.
  He could not dodge or block it, and it would end with his head separated from his body.
 However, just as the longsword was almost touching his throat, it instantly stopped.
 At the same time, a muffled sound was heard, and the woman disappeared on the spot.
 Replacing her was an upright figure in elegant green robes.
 He held the woman’s longsword and stood with his back facing Ye Qiu.
 There was also a sword on his back.
 Seeing the person’s back, Ye Qiu was surprised while a smile surfaced on his lips.
 A sense of security and relief seemed to envelop him like the warm and comfortable sunlight during springtime.
Chapter 26: The Wolf King’s Head as a Gift  
 Li Yu’s punch had blown up the woman’s chest.
 She fell deep into the hillside and could not be more dead.
 Then, Li Yu’s figure flashed a few times. Three experts of the Netherworld Demon Sect, who the soldiers saw as powerful as gods and devils, had instantly died.
 The last remaining expert with untidy hair and a zombie-like face watched in horror.
 Knowing that Li Yu was someone he could not mess with, he immediately attempted to escape.
 Run?   Li Yu was so quick that no one could see him coming.
 After that, a shrill cry resounded as the fleeing expert of the Netherworld Demon Sect perished on the spot.
 “This kid is a freak!” Zhang Zhizhong looked in shock as Li Yu trotted back to Ye Qiu.
 For a moment, everyone forgot that they were half a step into the gates of hell not long ago.
 The remaining soldiers looked at Li Yu and could not recover from their shock for a moment.
 “Senior Brother, why are you here?” Ye Qiu was surprised, but he was more grateful.
 “Just here to settle something! Look at you. How are you supposed to enter the battlefield like this? With such meager ability, you’re going to die!” Li Yu pretended to be angry as he scolded Ye Qiu.
 “Haha, I’ve embarrassed myself in front of my senior brother!” Ye Qiu was not angry. He knew that although Li Yu said that, he must have secretly followed him because he was worried about him.
 Moreover, his objective for this trip was probably to eradicate the Wolf King clan.
 I knew it! My senior brother is a great hero who cares deeply about the world.  That day I told him about the war in the north and the people’s suffering. Although he did not say anything then, he still traveled here secretly. He must be planning to attack in secret.  If I hadn’t encountered an ambush and almost lost my life, he wouldn’t have made his appearance easily. He wanted to get rid of evil for the people, yet he did not want anyone to know about it. He’s truly a hero, a true hero worthy of our admiration!
 “Alright, if there is nothing else, I shall take my leave!” Li Yu waved his sleeves and prepared to leave.
 “Senior brother, aren’t you coming with us?” Ye Qiu hurriedly asked.
 “What? Do you want me to be your bodyguard? I told you I’m here to settle some matters, not to save you!” Li Yu said in annoyance.
 “Haha, Senior Brother is right. Then your Junior Brother bids you farewell!” Ye Qiu did not say anything else and cupped his hands.
 Li Yu waved his hand. With a tap of his foot, his figure disappeared on the spot again.
 “Young Master, are you alright?” Zhang Zhizhong rushed forward and asked in concern.
 “I’m fine. We are fortunate that my senior brother stepped in to save us just in time. Otherwise, we would have really died here!” Ye Qiu replied with lingering fear.
 “Young master, who is this senior brother of yours? To have such power at such a young age is absolutely remarkable!” Zhang Zhizhong was also filled with curiosity.
 “Well, he’s a hermit expert. Once I return home after this war, I’ll be preparing to go under their tutelage!” Ye Qiu said with a proud expression, though he didn’t plan on saying much about Li Yu.
 He felt that Li Yu must be someone who liked to keep a low profile. Otherwise, it would be impossible that not many have heard of him until now with his monstrous capability.
 If not for the appearance of the Heavenly Dao Rankings, he probably would not have known about Li Yu, much less witnessed how he had killed the demon child with a single strike.
 It was the same this time. Li Yu had clearly decided to come to the Mo Prefecture to deal with the Wolf King Clan, but he pretended to be indifferent.
 Since his senior brother liked to keep a low profile, Ye Qiu could not do anything that displeased him.
 Therefore, he did not tell Zhang Zhizhong too much about Li Yu.
 Zhang Zhizhong was a clever person. Seeing that Ye Qiu did not elaborate, he did not ask further.
 He only replied with an “oh” and continued, “Young Master, let’s continue on our way. Let’s hurry to Tiger Forest Pass and meet up with General Ye. We’ll be safer over there!”
 “Okay!” Ye Qiu and the others set off again. There were originally 30 people in the escort party. Now, only six were left.
 When they arrived at Tiger Forest Pass, it was  evening.
  It was not a big deal as they finally successfully met up with the army that Ye Guxing brought from the Qing Prefecture and set out for the Jade Peak Pass.
 Meanwhile, Ye Guxing had  rushed to the front line at Elite Peak Pass on his flying spirit beast.
 At present, the Wolf King’s clan army had amassed outside Elite Peak Pass, ready to attack at any moment.
 There was an urgent need for a general to oversee the battle, so Ye Guxing rushed over first.
 …
 To the north of Elite Peak Pass, the once prosperous cities had turned into a living hell in the human world. It was filled with desolation, corpses were everywhere, and blood flowed like a river.
 The fire burnt the buildings in the city, and thick smoke filled the sky.
 A portion of the men from the Wolf King’s clan had stayed in the city. They were still plundering the remaining wealth and women. They cruelly killed the commoners who survived, not even letting children off.
 The main army of the Wolf King clan had  headed south to Elite Peak Pass and was stationed there temporarily.
 They were prepared to break through the newly established defense line of the Great Xia Dynasty at any moment.
 At the entrance of the army camp, a group of tall and ferocious Wolf King clan soldiers escorted dozens of teenage girls and more than a hundred captured soldiers of the Great Xia Dynasty into the army camp.
 The few in the lead were riding steelback wolves with a body as robust as a cow.
 “You guys send these girls to the wolf king’s tent first!” The leader of the group ordered.
 These were the women newly captured from the nearby cities, and they were preparing to offer them to their Wolf King and the various commanders for their enjoyment.
 “Yes, sir!” Those few soldiers received the order and quickly escorted the frightened girls to the wolf king’s tent.
 “The rest of you will send these captives to feed the wolves!” the leader said.
 The soldiers received the order and quickly escorted the captured Great Xia Dynasty soldiers towards the area where the wolves were kept.
 In the wolf area, steelback wolves as strong as cows growled in excitement when they saw the Great Xia Dynasty soldiers being pushed in. Immediately, they opened their bloody mouths and pounced at those soldiers.
 The miserable human cries and the howls of the steelback wolves echoed through the entire camp, but it did not cause any discomfort to the members of the Wolf King clan.
 The group of teenage girls turned pale and shivered.
 “The girl I slept with today is so fair and tender, and she has big breasts!”
 “That’s right, the women of this Great Xia Dynasty are so tender and lively. Their cries are pleasant too!”
 “Haha, I heard that the ladies in the south are more beautiful. Once we conquer the imperial capital of the Great Xia Dynasty, we’ll grab a few imperial concubines and princesses to play with. It’ll definitely be awesome!”
 The few Wolf King soldiers escorting the girls discussed loudly with lecherous smiles.
 However, just as they brought these women to the wolf king’s tent entrance, a figure suddenly appeared behind them.
 A short sword as thin as a cicada’s wing sliced through their throats in an instant, and they dropped dead in synchrony.
 The teenage girls were also shocked to see how those Wolf King’s soldiers escorting them had died.
 However, none of them screamed or made any noise as they only looked around in fear and confusion.
 Apart from the dead Wolf King clan soldiers and tent guards on the ground, there was no one else.
 Meanwhile, at this time, singing and dancing were going on in the wolf king’s tent, and everyone was toasting each other.
  A group of captured dancers was dancing elegantly in the middle of the main tent.
 As for Wolf King Tharman and the other commanders, they were sitting around in a circle, hugging young girls with tear-stained faces and fear written all over them.
 They indulged in the wine and meat in celebration while no one noticed that Li Yu’s figure was swaggering in from the tent’s entrance.
 As soon as Li Yu entered the Wolf King clan’s camp, the system mission panel popped up again.
 A new mission surfaced: [Kill the Wolf King Tharman and defeat the Wolf King Clan’s army. You can obtain 10 prestige points.]
 The Wolf King, Tharman, was in cahoots with the Netherworld Demon Sect!
 Hence, he planned to bring the head of the Wolf King Tharman as a greeting gift to the Netherworld Demon Sect Master.
 …
Chapter 27: The Grand Xia Dynasty is Too Scary  
 “Who’s there?!” A commander sitting closest to the door was the first to notice Li Yu.
 He immediately grabbed the saber beside him, pushed the woman in his arms away, and stood up.
 His shout alerted everyone in the tent.
 All the commanders drew their sabers and jumped up, looking at Li Yu on high alert.
 The group of dancers quickly retreated to the side.
 Those women, who were not fully clothed, also hid in the corner of the tent in a panic. They sized up Li Yu carefully, their eyes seemingly suffused with a trace of anticipation.
  They could all tell that Li Yu was from the Grand Xia Dynasty, and his presence was like a ray of light in the endless darkness.
 It reignited a glimmer of hope in this group of desperate and terrified women.
 Li Yu played with the Cicada Sword in his hand as he walked to the center of the tent with a faint smile.
 A group of commanders swiftly stood in front of the Wolf King, Tharman, and surrounded Li Yu.
 “Don’t move! If you do, we won’t hesitate to kill you!” a commander yelled.
 Actually, they were slightly afraid.
 For this boy to enter their tent silently, his ability must be extraordinary.
 Therefore, no one dared to act rashly.
 Li Yu did not look anywhere else as he stared at Wolf King Tharman, who sat in the main seat. He treated the surrounding commanders as nobodies.
 “You’re Tharman?” Li Yu asked coldly.
 “You’re right, kid. You have the guts to barge into my tent alone. But since you’re here, don’t…” Tharman wanted to unleash another wave of verbal attacks.
 However, Li Yu’s figure vanished on the spot.
 At the same time, the two tall and burly commanders who were blocking Tharman’s path were blasted away by a powerful force.
 Wolf King Tharman’s expression switched drastically.
 Although he could not see Li Yu’s figure at all, he still kicked up the table in front of him in an attempt to stop Li Yu while he rolled to the side.
 He moved as fast as lightning.
 In the eyes of others, his actions were  unbelievably quick.
 However, he was facing Li Yu.
 Just as he drew his saber and stood up, he was pressed down by a hand.
 A terrifying aura pressed down on him like a mountain, causing his hair to stand on end.
 He tried to struggle, but he realized that his body could not move at all under the terrifying power.
 “My King!” All the commanders looked in shock.
 Everything had happened too quickly. By the time anyone could react, the two commanders had only just flown out of the tent.
 Their Wolf King, Tharman, had actually been captured by that young brat.
 It was simply unbelievable!
 “Brat, you’re formidable. I accept my defeat in your hands. I just want to know what kind of benefits the Grand Xia Emperor gave you that made you…”
 Slit…
 With a flash from the Cicada Sword, Tharman’s head left his neck.
 He was completely overpowered. The Wolf King planned to use the “Great Talking Technique” to give himself a chance.
 Little did he expect Li Yu to not give him any chances.
 Young people are too impulsive, after all.
 Sprouting too much nonsense!  Li Yu thought to himself.
 He had not come here to chat with the Wolf King. He was in a hurry because he had to rush to the Netherworld Demon Sect and save his father.
 At this moment, the system’s voice sounded.
 “Ding… Tiger Soul Saber obtained successfully!”
 At the same time, the mission progress of the divine weapon collection became 6 / 20.
 Li Yu did not expect to find that the wolf king’s saber was actually a spirit artifact.
 Not bad. I actually got an unexpected gain!  …
 The commanders shivered in fear when they saw the Wolf King killed, and they instinctively took a step back.
 Their rough faces were filled with terror like the women they had humiliated earlier.
 After all, their Wolf King was a late-stage Transcendent realm expert. He could thrash every commander present alone.
 However, the strongest person in their clan, the almighty Wolf King… He was killed by this brat without any chance to fight back at all.
 He was too terrifying.
 At the same time, the girls who were squatting together in the corner seemed to have vented their hatred.
 Their gazes upon Li Yu were filled with worship and admiration.
 They now believed in miracles again!
 At this moment, the brief shouting and fighting in the main tent attracted the attention of the surrounding Wolf King clansmen.
 However, they only saw that the guards around the tent were all killed, and the two commanders who were punched out stopped breathing on the spot. Everyone knew that something big had happened as they hurriedly gathered people and surrounded the tent.
 However, not knowing the situation in the tent, they did not dare to rush in at the moment.
 Meanwhile, in the tent, the ten-odd commanders stepped back slowly.
 They knew that they were no match for Li Yu, so they only had one thought in their minds.
 Run!  Sensing that their men had  surrounded the tent, they planned to escape among the chaos.
 Unfortunately, Li Yu did not intend to show mercy.
 He put away the Cicada Sword, pulled out the sword on his back, and swung it horizontally without hesitation.
 The terrifying sword might was like a giant and invisible blade that instantly cleaved the dozen or so Wolf King clan commanders into two from their waists.
 The sword might did not stop after killing these commanders. It continued to cut through the surrounding cloth of the tent and swept towards the soldiers outside the tent.
 Swoosh!
 A huge hole was cut into the dense human wall.
 Countless Wolf King clan soldiers were sliced in half.
 Their corpses were even blown backward by the shockwave generated by the sword might.
 The rest of the surrounding soldiers were instantly horrified at the sight of this.
 What kind of terrifying divine power is this!  At the same time, Li Yu’s figure walked out of the tent with the head of Wolf King Tharman in his hand.
 “Wolf King!”
 “He killed the Wolf King!”
 “Our Wolf King is dead!”
 Everyone from the Wolf King Clan was shocked, and their gazes at Li Yu were filled with horror.
 Although they had a few thousand men surrounding the tent, Li Yu’s oppressive aura made them terrified to the point of ceaselessly retreating.
 Currently, Li Yu was not a young man in their eyes but a terrifying god of death!
 “Kill him and avenge the Wolf King!” someone shouted.
 Some men who were not afraid of death were daring enough to charge toward Li Yu.
 Li Yu remained calm as he tapped his feet and jumped up into the air.
 Then, he slashed down from the sky.
 The might of the sword was vast and earth-shattering that could sweep through thousands of armies.
 The strike seemed to have brought the sky down along with its immense pressure.
 The tens of thousands of Wolf King clansmen below were pressed to the ground by the terrifying sword might.
 Their bodies turned cold, and their hearts trembled.
 As for the ones in the middle of the sword might, they could not withstand it at all.
 Their bodies exploded with a bang, transforming into bits of flesh and blood.
 The ground beneath their feet cracked under the terrifying sword might.
 Thick, widening cracks spread in all directions.
 The earth shook as if the sky was about to collapse.
 A huge ravine appeared in the middle of the sword might, extending for hundreds of meters.
 This strike from Li Yu petrified all the members of the Wolf King Clan in the camp.
 They looked at the airborne Li Yu in horror, as well as the wolf king’s head in his hand.
 No one thought of putting up resistance anymore.
 That single sword strike earlier was like the divine might of the Heavenly Dao. It was too horrifying.
 This person’s powers had  gone beyond their level of understanding. He could only be described as a god.
  And how could a mortal resist a god?
 They did not have the slightest doubt that as long as this man had the intent, he could kill these hundreds of thousands of people with a single move.
 Run, run away!
 The Wolf King’s army was utterly scared out of their wits by this strike.
 They immediately scattered and fled as if they were escaping from a disaster. No one dared to look back and kept sprinting north.
 They only had one thought in their minds now—go home!
 “The Grand Xia Dynasty is too scary!”
 …
Chapter 28: Do You Guys Really Think You’re Here As Guests?  
 Jade Peak Pass, in the city tower. Ye Guxing looked at the sand table in front of him with a frown.
 The other generals beside him were also silent with grave expressions.
 The enemy had a 500,000-strong army and was brave and ferocious.
 The Wolf King had the capability of a late-stage Transcendence realm. Coupled with his inborn divine strength, even Ye Guxing was not his match.
 There were no more than 50,000 guards in Jade Peak Pass now. Even if they had the geographical advantage, it was still a mammoth task to stop the Wolf King’s 500,000 men army.
 As for the troops he had brought along and the reinforcements he had ordered to transfer over from other places, it would take at least two days for everyone to rush over.
  If the Wolf King’s army launched an all-out siege, then Jade Peak Pass might not be able to hold on until reinforcements arrived.
 Therefore, he had to think of a way to delay the Wolf King’s army here.
 Otherwise, if Jade Peak Pass fell, who knew how many commoners would be implicated.
 “General! Our scouts have reported that an unknown expert has infiltrated the enemy’s camp and killed the Wolf King Tharman, scaring off the Wolf King’s army into retreat. Right now, the hundreds of thousands of Wolf King’s men have  begun fleeing to the north in a panic! “A soldier ran in and reported.
 “Really? That’s great news!” Ye Guxing was overjoyed, and the few generals were also surprised with joy.
 However, after the surprise, Ye Guxing was also slightly shocked.
 An unknown expert?  What kind of expert could scare off the Wolf King’s army of 500,000 by himself?  The Wolf King’s clan’s army is battle-hardened, ferocious, and fearless.  To be able to scare these guys into fleeing for their lives, just how terrifying is that mysterious expert?  I never knew our Great Xia Dynasty had such a powerhouse!  It was true that he was stunned, but Ye Guxing was more elated. The huge rock that was weighing on his heart disappeared instantly.
 He was incessantly worried about how to stop the Wolf King’s army’s advance as the entire Great Xia Dynasty was at risk.
 He had not expected such a shocking turn of events.
 He truly needed to thank that mysterious expert who had helped him.
 With the Wolf King killed, the clan’s army was without a leader and was  routed.
     

 It presented them with the perfect opportunity to counterattack.
 “Du Chao, listen up!”
 “I’m here!”
 “Lead 20,000 cavalry and follow me out of the city to pursue the Wolf King Clan. We must drive these guys out of the Mo Prefecture and reclaim the lost land!” Ye Guxing ordered.
 “Yes, sir!”
 …
 Li Yu happily received the 10 Prestige Points from the system as he watched the Wolf King’s army flee.
 His Prestige had  reached 29 / 100.
 As long as he eliminates the Netherworld Demon Sect, his progress would be half complete.
 Li Yu did not loiter around after putting the Wolf King Tharman’s head into the system’s storage space.
 He tapped his foot onto the air and flew off.
 The Netherworld Demon Sect was located in the northwest area of the Mo Prefecture, close to Mingchang Mountain. It was unexplored and filled with demonic beasts.
 As he had triggered the system mission this time, Li Yu found that place with ease with the system’s guidance.
 As soon as he entered the Netherworld Demon Sect’s territory, a few disciples obstructed Li Yu’s path.
 “Who are you? How dare you trespass into our Netherworld Demon Sect! Those people looked at Li Yu with vigilance.
 The fact that this man could arrive here by himself was very telling of his abilities.
 “Go report to your sect master that I, Li Yu, have come to give him a gift!” Li Yu said.
 He did not intend to force his way in.
 After all, his father was in their hands. It was not too late to attack after saving his father.
 Those Netherworld Demon Sect disciples were shocked.
 They had naturally heard of Li Yu’s name. After all, everyone knew who topped the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 The few of them did not speak. One disciple quickly went to report while the others kept on guard.
 After a while, that person flew back again and said, “Come with me!”
 Li Yu followed that disciple directly to the main hall of the Netherworld Demon Sect, the Nether Hall.
 There were quite a few people in the hall at the moment. Besides the Sect Master Mo Lin, there were a few elders and more than ten core disciples.
 Li Qingyun was also among them, but his body was sealed by a piece of magic equipment that immobilized him.
 However, his expression was relaxed and content as he looked at the hall entrance with anticipation.
 When he saw Li Yu arrive, he immediately said with a grin, “Yu’er, I heard that you’re the first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings. You really make me proud!”
 That day, he found out about the Hidden Dragon Rankings from Mo Lin, and he also found out that Mo Lin’s true intention was to get rid of Li Yu and obtain the Heavenly Spirit Pill and the Chongming Bird.
 Hearing his father speaking, Li Yu could finally confirm that his father was safe and sound. He could not help but feel relieved.
 Then, he smiled and said, “It’s only the ranking within the Great Xia Dynasty. There’s nothing to be proud of here.
 “As for you, have you gotten any money after leaving the mountain for so long? Let me tell you, I’ve  taken the liberty of changing our sect’s name. The original name was too awful. Now that our sect is pretty famous, we should give it a better name. So I used your name to change it to Qingyun Sect. This name sounds much better, isn’t it?
 “Oh, by the way, the bandits from the Juyi Hall came to rob us, and I got rid of them. I got a lot of money and treasures from their village. Also, a few days ago, I won a lot of spirit stones from gambling with various family clans and nobles.
     

 “Right now, we have sufficient funds for the expansion of the sect, and construction works have started these few days too. I believe that when we return, the Hall of Mount Gate should be almost completed!”
 “Haha, my son is amazing! I didn’t expect that you would actually do so much when I’m not around!” Li Qingyun laughed heartily.
 Li Yu and Li Qingyun began chatting.
 Mo Lin, who was sitting in the front seat, grimaced.
 Is there something wrong with this father and son’s heads? They are about to die, and they don’t even know it?  They even chat here as if they haven’t met in a long time.  Do you two think you’re here as my guests?  The elders of the Netherworld Demon Sect and the dozen core disciples at the side looked at Li Yu and Li Qingyun as if they were looking at fools.
 “Li Yu, have you brought them?” Mo Lin asked.
 He tried to interrupt Li Yu and Li Qingyun’s conversation.
 However, Li Yu completely ignored him and continued to speak to Li Qingyun. “Right, Dad, I did something pretty cool on the way here!”
 “What is it?” Li Qingyun was curious.
 Bang!
 Mo Lin was so angry that he crushed the chair’s armrest and stood up.
 A terrifying aura spread out, and his gaze seemed like it could kill.
 However, Li Yu only took a casual glance at him and continued, “I killed the Wolf King Tharman who invaded the Mo Prefecture and scared away the Wolf King’s army while I was at it!”
 “That’s my good son. You look more and more like me back in the day!” Li Qingyun laughed again.
 “You killed Tharman?” Mo Lin, who was about to flare up, looked at Li Yu in surprise.
 The others in the hall were also startled before they scoffed.
 Although Tharman’s ability was not considered the best, he was still a late-stage Transcendent expert.
 Furthermore, he had the protection of those hundreds of thousands of soldiers. How could it be that easy to kill him and even intimidate the Wolf King’s army to retreat at the same time? It was rare to see someone brag to this extent!
 The father and son were really ridiculous!
 The surrounding disciples of the Netherworld Demon Sect looked at Li Yu with disdain.
 If there was a ranking for bragging on the Heavenly Dao Rankings, they believed that Li Yu would probably top that too.
  “Oh yes, speaking of which, I remember now—Sect Master Mo Lin, I’ve brought you a greeting gift!” Li Yu finally brought his attention to Mo Lin.
 Immediately, he took out the head of Wolf King Tharman from the system storage and threw it to Mo Lin.
 Seeing the Wolf King Tharman’s head, Mo Lin’s eyes widened.
 He looked at Li Yu in utter disbelief.
 He was also skeptical when he heard Li Yu’s words earlier. And no words could describe how shocked he was at that moment.
 This brat really killed the Wolf King Tharman.  How is this possible!  …
Chapter 29: True Explosion on the Spot  
 He killed the Wolf King Tharman??  The Elders of the Netherworld Demon Sect could not believe it and quickly arrived beside Mo Lin.
 Upon closer inspection, they were shocked.
 It was really Tharman!
 On the other hand, the expressions of the 10 plus core disciples changed drastically.
 The disdain from before instantly transformed into shock.
  When they looked at Li Yu again, their gaze was filled with fear and shock.
 At this moment, someone appeared by Li Yu’s side—Li Qingyun.
 Li Yu had just taken the opportunity while Mo Lin and the others were distracted by the Wolf King’s head to feel shocked.
 He sped to Li Qingyun’s side, crushed the magic treasure that bound him, and pulled him to retreat far away.
 The entire process happened in a flash.
 Before Mo Lin and the others could react, Li Yu and Li Qingyun had  retreated dozens of meters away.
 Upon seeing this, Mo Lin’s expression darkened, and he was even more stunned.
 Li Yu really had some ability to have such a wicked movement technique and shocking speed that he could take Li Qingyun away from under his nose in a flash.
 It seems that the only reason he could kill Tharman was because of his strange movement technique and speed.  Mo Lin naturally did not know it was all routine for Li Yu.
 After all, he felt that Li Yu was a brat who was still wet behind the ears.
 No matter how monstrous his talent was, how strong could Li Yu be?
 Mo Lin was at the Soul Formation Intermediate Stage, and his physical body had reached the Soul Conduit realm. He was not afraid of even late-stage or peak-stage Soul Formation experts.
 With such power, he could even kill ten Tharman in one slap!
 Therefore, when he saw Li Yu save Li Qingyun, Mo Lin did not panic. This was their territory. Even if he managed to break Li Qingyun free, it was utterly impossible to leave here alive.
 Not mentioning whether Li Yu could get through him, even if he was lucky to escape, he could forget about breaking out of their sect’s Protective Mountain Array.
 “Dad, when did you find out about my true strength?” Li Yu asked curiously.
 From his father’s attitude just now, he could tell that his father must have known his true strength.
 It was no wonder that no matter where he went in the past, his father never said a thing.
 He even suspected that his father did not care about him at all.
 Only Now, it was just that his father was never worried about his safety.
 “Hehe, I’m your father, and I watched you grow up. I’ll know what kind of shit you had when you stick your butt out!” Li Qingyun laughed.
 “Dad, we’re cultured people. Can’t you use some elegant adjectives!” Li Yu was speechless.
 “I’m just afraid that you don’t understand!”
 “…”
 Now I really want to send him back into Mo Lin’s loving arms and leave!  However, Li Yu was  used to it.
 Such was the daily mode of communication between him and his father.
 This was how his father was. He was usually rude!
 They were just short of calling each other brothers.
 Yep, that’s my father!  Li Yu did not doubt the authenticity of his father at all.
 “Dad, Netherworld Demon Sect cannot be left alone!” Li Yu changed the topic.
 “Yeah, so are you confident in destroying them?”
 “En, more or less. As long as Dad doesn’t hold me back!”
 Li Qingyun: “…”
 “I’ll go first then!”
 “Where can you go without me? You mean jog on the spot?”
 Li Qingyun: “…”
 That’s definitely my son. When he starts speaking like this, he’s not inferior to me back in my time in the slightest.  “You’d better stay here and watch my performance!” Li Yu stepped forward and loosened up his wrist and neck.
 Mo Lin was so angry that his eyes were about to explode.
  What are the two of you doing here, doing crosstalk?  Do you think we don’t exist?  Not only did you not flee, you even said in front of us that you would destroy our sect.  Who gave you all the courage!  Do you really think that you’re invincible just because you killed one Tharman?  I’m in the Soul Formation Stage!  One single slap from me is enough to turn Tharman into dregs, and a sneeze is enough to scare the Wolf King’s army away. You’re in my territory, and you’re still so arrogant? Don’t you know what the word death means?  “Li Qingyun, I really don’t know where you and your son got the courage from. You must be making the most of your final chit-chat before you die. Alright, are you two done talking? It’s time to die!” Mo Lin shouted angrily.
 A powerful aura instantly spread out, and a terrifying pressure enveloped the entire hall.
 The core disciples at the side could not help revealing their fearful faces, and their entire bodies seemed to become dispirited.
 The pressure unleashed by a Soul Formation Stage cultivator was simply too terrifying.
 However, Li Yu’s expression did not change, nor did his heart skip a beat. He used his fingers to pick his nose and flicked the booger onto Mo Lin’s clothes. He mocked, “This little pressure of yours is not even a tenth of the demon child’s. Stop embarrassing yourself and keep that aura!”
 Li Yu’s words were simply like a sharp blade that stabbed into Mo Lin’s heart, angering him to the verge of simply exploding on the spot.
 And what made him even angrier was that the bragging was practically endless.
 Demon child? No way you’ve fought the demon child before!  Mo Lin could no longer hold back. He released his aura and instantly rushed towards Li Yu, slapping out with his palm.
 Demonic energy gathered in his palm, condensing into a giant palm print that seemed to carry the power of heaven and earth as it smashed toward Li Yu.
 He could have used his magic power to slap Li Yu to death through the air, but he did not do that.
 He wanted to use his palm to experience the feeling of his palm slapping Li Yu into meat paste.
 This was the only way to quash the anger in his heart.
 As Mo Lin rushed toward him, Li Yu’s expression instantly turned serious. He blocked Li Qingyun behind him and didn’t dodge while drawing his sword.
 Boom!
 The moment the longsword was swung, the world seemed to tremble.
 Space twisted as a terrifying sword might poured out.
 Sensing the power of Li Yu’s sword, the expression of the charging Mo Lin changed. A chill instantly rushed up to his head.
 The anger on his face was replaced by terror.
 This strike instantly reminded him of the terror he felt when he was dominated by Li Qingyun.
 That trauma made him sense the danger of death.
 Having lived to his age, he had seen many experts and experienced countless life and death battles.
 He was all too aware of how terrifying this strike of Li Yu’s was.
 He did not have the time to think about how Li Yu could have such terrifying strength at such a young age or if Li Yu had really fought the demonic child.
 He only knew that this strike was enough to take his life!
 Therefore, he immediately struck out with his palm, using the palm mark condensed by magic power to withstand the attack.
 At the same time, he retreated rapidly and released all his magic power to protect his body.
 He also summoned various life-saving magic treasures to form defensive barriers in front of him.
 There were gigantic shield-shaped magic treasures, energy screens, and magic barriers formed by talismans.
 There was also a magic treasure looking like a turtle shell that covered his chest.
 Including the magic scale armor he wore, a black-scaled defense layer formed on the surface of his body, he was armed to the teeth!
 However, all these defensive magic treasures were as fragile as clay sculptures before the might of Li Yu’s sword.
 Bang bang bang bang bang…
 As the sword might advanced, all the protective magic treasures that Mo Lin brought out collapsed.
 Yet, the sword might didn’t slow down as it instantly penetrated Mo Lin’s body.
  Mo Lin felt as if countless sharp blades were stabbing into his body all at the same time, turning into boundless energy that exploded.
 “No!”
 He screamed as his body exploded, sending blood and flesh flying.
 Silence rang out.
 The elders of the Netherworld Demon Sect and the dozen core disciples at the side seemed as if they had seen a ghost, and they were dumbstruck while their entire bodies went cold.
 Their sect master, the great Soul Formation Stage old monster with a powerful Soul Conduit realm body, was actually insta-killed by a single strike.
 They were utterly petrified!
 …
Chapter 30: Provoked The Wrong Person  
 Nether Hall. A strange black symbol suddenly appeared from the pool of flesh and blood of Mo Lin’s remains. It seemed branded on the ground.
 Li Yu looked over in surprise, but he heard Li Qingyun say from behind him, “Mo Lin isn’t dead yet!”
 “Huh!” Li Yu was astounded, and he was just about to execute another strike when he was stopped by Li Qingyun.
 “This body is  dead. However, this fellow cultivates the Blood Soul Reincarnation Art. Every time he’s killed, he will be resurrected in another body that has a demonic seed planted in it.
 “That time, he used this method to escape from my sword twice. However, every time he resurrects, his strength will be greatly reduced! He might even directly drop by a major realm!” Li Qingyun said.
 “Then how can we annihilate him for good?” Li Yu was slightly surprised.
  He did not expect Mo Lin to have such a strange ability.
 “Find the reincarnated Mo Lin and kill him. The Blood Soul Reincarnation Art can’t be used twice in a row. Plus, the demonic seed he reincarnated with wouldn’t be too far from him. Therefore, it is definitely in the body of one of the disciples here in this sect.
 “For this spell to be successful, the person who got implanted with the demonic seed had to have high compatibility with his soul. It must be nurtured inside the body for at least 50 years. And it had to fuse with the body at a high level.
 “After reincarnation, it will take at least an hour to completely fuse and control a new body,” said Li Qingyun.
 “But we still can’t tell who the reincarnated Mo Lin is!” Li Yu frowned.
 “After Mo Lin reincarnates, his appearance will not change. Also, there will be a mark on his forehead resembling the black symbol on the ground. Plus, the mark will not disappear for a short period of time!” Li Qingyun said.
 In the past, he had carefully studied this technique in order to deal with those people from the demonic path who cultivated the Blood Soul Reincarnation Art.
 This art could not be interrupted with a physical attack.
 If one wanted to stop someone’s reincarnation, he would have to first use a sealing-type spell or a magic treasure to seal him inside before killing him.
 Otherwise, it would be impossible to stop the reincarnation process.
 However, this reincarnation technique could not be used freely.
 Every reincarnation would burn the user’s lifespan while reducing his cultivation level considerably.
 Furthermore, the higher the cultivation realm, the greater the burning of lifespan.
 For someone like Mo Lin, who had a Soul Formation Stage cultivation, his lifespan would probably be reduced by four to five hundred years after this reincarnation.
 As Li Yu and Li Qingyun spoke, the elders of the Netherworld Demon Sect and the dozen disciples recovered from their shock.
 Without a word, he turned around and wanted to run.
 If they could not even beat their sect master, rushing over was equivalent to seeking death.
 However, a cold glint flashed through Li Yu’s eyes. Another sword strike!
 Rumble…
 The enormous sound alarmed the entire Netherworld Demon Sect.
 The once majestic Nether Hall collapsed with a bang under the shocked gazes of all the disciples.
 Thick smoke sprang up as airwaves surged. Two figures flew out from within.
 They were Li Yu and Li Qingyun.
 At the same time, the other elders and disciples of the Netherworld Demon Sect rushed over from the surroundings and surrounded the two of them.
 They did not know what had just happened in the Nether Hall.
 However, when they saw the two strangers fly out of the ruins, everyone immediately drew their swords and looked at them with killing intent.
 …
 An underground chamber under the Nether Hall.
 A middle-aged man sat cross-legged on a circular platform, strange black runes surfacing on his glabella.
 At the same time, black patterns spread throughout his body from the symbol on his glabella.
 A strange light lingered over his body as his skin and muscles squirmed.
 It was as if countless small snakes were swimming around under his skin, a sight not for the faint-hearted.
 After around ten minutes, the middle-aged man’s appearance changed to Mo Lin’s, and his body stopped twisting and squirming.
 He opened his eyes. Although his face was expressionless, there was lingering fear in his heart.
 The fear of death could not dissipate for a moment.
 That sword strike from Li Yu was simply too terrifying. He even felt that the demon child had been killed by Li Yu.
 Just who in the world is this kid? How could he possess such horrifying strength?  Mo Lin could not understand.
 With the ability to kill him with a single strike, Li Yu’s cultivation should at least be at the Rebirth Realm.
 A 17-year-old Rebirth Realm expert!
 If he did not see it with his own eyes, he would never believe that such a monstrous person exists in the world.
 Of course, it was not the time to think about these questions.
 Boom!
 The earth shook as if there was an earthquake. The entire chamber trembled.
 He knew very well that Li Yu was probably unleashing a massacre on the surface.
 With his terrifying strength, his sect was probably doomed.
 Mo Lin suddenly recalled his conversation with Li Qingyun that day.
 “You want to use me to lure Li Yu over here!?”
 “Your Netherworld Demon Sect is finished!”
 It turned out that Li Qingyun was not bluffing.
 Li Yu did have the strength to destroy their Netherworld Demon Sect.
 He was really regretting it now.
 His sect was probably really going to be destroyed by this boy.
 He didn’t even know if he could escape from the Netherworld Demon Sect alive after his reincarnation.
 Although he had  successfully reincarnated, his soul and body still needed some time to fuse before he could control this body.
 Moreover, even after complete fusion, his cultivation would directly drop to the Nascent Soul realm.
 In front of Li Yu, he was as weak as an ant.
 Right at that moment, the secret room’s door was suddenly pushed open, and two figures walked in.
 The one in front was a ghost-like figure.
 His feet could not be seen under the black robe, and under the hood, two balls of ghostly lights gleamed.
 Behind him was a young man with masculine facial features. He was Gu Cangming, who was ranked third on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 “Sect Master Mo Lin, you are indeed here. It seems like that brat has killed you!” A hollow voice sounded from the black-robed figure.
 “Mister Wu Chang, how’s the situation outside?” Mo Lin asked worriedly.
 “No one could stand in his way. More than a hundred disciples have  died. As we speak, a group of Elders is leading all the disciples to protect the formation, temporarily trapping him within.
 “However, we think he is at least at the Rebirth Realm, and the Protective Mountain Array will not likely trap him!
 Our only hope lies in the Demonic Carnage Sword’s completion!
 Perhaps we can rely on the strength of the Demonic Carnage Sword to stop that kid.
 “Let’s fuse together and control the power of the Demonic Carnage Sword. Even if we can’t kill him, we should at least force him back!” said Mister Wu Chang.
 “Master, I’m willing to sacrifice my blood essence to the sword!” Gu Cangming stepped forward with a determined look.
 He knew that he would definitely die today during the sect’s calamity, so he might as well die with purpose.
 As long as the Demon Carnage Sword is complete, it might help grasp a chance of survival for the sect.
 Hearing Gu Cangming’s proposal, Mo Lin went silent for a moment.
 In fact, the Demonic Carnage Sword had long been forged. All there was left was for him to use the Five Elements Blood Spirit Array to refine the Demonic Carnage Sword, so he would be able to condense the power of demon gods in it.
 It would become a true unrivaled demonic sword.
 As for the five-element spirit physiques needed for the Five Elements Blood Spirit Array, he had  gathered them.
 It was just that the metal spirit body was his most valued disciple, Gu Cangming.
 Therefore, Mo Lin did not have the heart to sacrifice his blood essence to the sword, so he thought of Perfected Yu Hua.
  Therefore, he secretly schemed with the Black Sea’s greater demon, the Mystic Flood Dragon, and set up a trap to capture the elders and disciples of the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 He hoped to use this to draw Perfected Yu Hua over, who also had the Metal Spirit Body, and use his blood essence to sacrifice for the sword.
 Initially, he had everything under control. He only regretted making a wrong move and provoked someone he shouldn’t have.
 It resulted in the catastrophe today.
 Looking at Gu Cangming, Mo Lin hesitated again and again. Although he could not bear to part with this disciple, he didn’t want to die just like this, nor did he want the Netherworld Demon Sect to be doomed in this manner.
 Therefore, he made up his mind and nodded.
 Gu Cangming cupped his hands with a firm look. He did not say anything else and followed Mister Wu Chang out of the secret chamber.
 …
Chapter 31: Annihilation  
 The captured members of the Jade Pure Dao Sect were imprisoned in the Netherworld Demon Sect’s underground dungeon.
 The dungeon was filled with restrictions. Any attempts to break it with magic power were practically impossible.
 Not to mention, everyone was severely injured and suppressed by the restriction, making it difficult for them to breathe.
 They had messy hair and dirty faces. Their bodies lacked vitality, and their eyes were filled with despair and emptiness.
 This was especially apparent for Elder Xu and Elder Chu, who lay paralyzed on the ground like mud.
 There was no luster in their eyes.
  The two of them had their cultivation crippled and all of their meridians shattered by Mo Lin, and they were now powerless.
 Although they were still alive, they were  dead inside. Pain and despair overwhelmed them.
 Rumble!
 A loud noise shook the earth and mountains. The dungeon trembled too.
 A few young disciples looked up slightly with surprise in their eyes.
 Then, there was another rumble as the ground shook again. All the disciples seemed to have thought of something as they looked at each other with glee.
 “Could it be… our Grandmaster has come to save us?” A disciple remarked.
 They were still young and filled with a strong desire to live.
 Even if it was just a tiny sliver of hope, it was enough to let them regain their zest.
 “It should be, judging from the commotion. This is great. The sect master hasn’t abandoned us after all!”
 “Elder Chu, Elder Xu, the sect master is here to save us. We can get out of here!” the group of disciples shouted excitedly.
 1
 However, Elder Chu’s eyes were still lifeless, and he did not say a word.
 He felt as if his heart had died. So what if he made it out alive? He was  a crippled man.
 “Kill them. Kill all these bastards!” Elder Xu shouted through gritted teeth.
 His eyes were red and filled with hatred.
 His cultivation that he had cultivated for hundreds of years was destroyed just like that. This was more painful than death.
 Hence, he simply hated those from the Netherworld Demon Sect to the bone. He could only be happy after killing them.
 …
 Above the Netherworld Demon Sect, a spherical purple light screen was constantly shrinking.
 A bolt of violet lightning condensed and slashed down at Li Yu. But it was dispersed by his sword with ease.
 Outside the light screen, all the elders and hundreds of disciples of the Netherworld Demon Sect were arranged in a strange formation while they formed hand seals in unison.
 Strange runes surfaced in front of them, connecting with each other.
 Purple light gathered around them and slowly fused with the light screen of the grand array formation.
     

 According to Li Qingyun, they were executing a human formation to support the Protective Mountain Array formation, allowing them to become one with the array.
 It was similar to becoming one with the sword.
 This was entirely different from relying on magic power to augment the array.
 One needed to fuse their vital energies into the formation to become a part of it.
 Furthermore, everyone was connected through a unique array formation, allowing everyone to become one.
 It allowed everyone’s power to be focused and unleash its greatest power.
 It was like ten people pushing a heavy box.
 Each person taking turns could push the box forward, but if their strength could be fully focused and synchronized, they could move it faster and further.
 If wheels were added to the bottom of the box and leverage was applied, everyone’s strength could be amplified. Thus, the ten people could push ten boxes or more with ease.
 Such was the effect of becoming one with the array formation. Everyone’s will was synchronized through it, and their strength was united. Then, through the profoundness of the array formation, everyone’s power would be amplified. It would generate power far greater than the sum of its parts.
 Of course, there was one flaw. As a part of the grand array, once it got attacked, those disciples would suffer a certain degree of damage.
 If the grand array was destroyed, they would also suffer a backlash from that power and might be seriously injured or even killed.
 Hence, when he heard about this from Li Qingyun, Li Yu thought of a method that he could execute to annihilate the Netherworld Demon Sect with a single sword strike.
 Therefore, he hid his abilities and controlled his strength while only applying pressure on the array. He switched from attack to defense and withstood the array’s attack but did not destroy it.
 “This brat can’t hold on much longer. Let’s gather the strength of everyone and kill him with the array formation!” An elder of the Netherworld Demon Sect shouted loudly.
 “Yes, elder!” The hundreds of disciples answered in unison.
 At the same time, more Netherworld Demon Sect disciples flew over. They, too, formed hand seals and fused into the formation.
 The purple glow of the array formation became more and more dazzling while the energy became increasingly powerful.
 Rumble!
 The giant array formation was like a glorious heaven’s might, with thunder rumbling.
  Purple energy gathered in one spot, and a lightning bolt that looked like a flood dragon manifested.
 Then, it slashed down at Li Yu.
 Li Yu frowned and used his sword to block.
 Bang!
 Amidst the loud explosion, Li Yu and Li Qingyun’s figures hurriedly retreated.
 Their expressions were grim.
 Everyone from the Netherworld Demon Sect was ecstatic when they saw it.
 It seemed like there was a chance of killing him after they fused with the grand array to maximize its power.
 “All disciples, listen up. Quickly come and support the grand array formation to kill the enemy together. No delay shall be tolerated!” The Netherworld Demon Sect’s Grand Elder used his magic power to amplify his voice, and it was like a thunderclap that resounded in the sky of the entire sect.
 After a moment, more figures flew over from all directions.
 Before the order, some of them were patrolling the periphery, while others were in seclusion in various cave abodes.
 Although the commotion earlier had  caught their attention, they didn’t know what was going on. So no one dared leave their posts without orders.
 Some were merely observing. After all, they were simply unable to imagine how powerful the enemy they were facing was and believed the elders could handle it themselves.
 However, upon hearing the Great Elder’s orders, they naturally did not dare to delay and flew over one after another.
 In an instant, there were another two to three hundred people outside the light barrier, and there were  a thousand people.
 “Everyone, listen up. Merge all your essence, energy, and spirit into the formation. Inject all your magic power into the formation, and we will kill these two in one hit!” The Grand Elder continued to shout.
     

 He noticed that Li Yu could barely withstand that attack just now.
 With more disciples joining in, they could definitely kill him with their best shot.
 Even if they couldn’t kill him, they could still deal a heavy blow.
 …
 Everyone should be here by now!?Li Yu thought.
 Indeed, life was like a show where everything depended on the acting!
 He had successfully lured everyone from the Netherworld Demon Sect to integrate into the grand array.
 At the moment, the light screen of the grand formation had become more corporeal and glaring.
 A powerful pressure weighed down on his head like a mountain.
 In fact, some of the buildings began cracking under immense pressure. It was as if they were on the verge of collapse.
 The heavens and the earth quaked as a bedazzling purple light gathered in the sky, reminiscent of the blinding sun.
 The terrifying energy slowly condensed into a bolt of a purple lightning dragon that roared as it charged toward Li Yu.
 Li Yu stood in front of Li Qingyun, neither dodging nor evading. His right hand gripped the hilt of his sword as he frowned ever slightly.
 Crack!
 The sword slashed out, tearing through the void.
 The bolt of purple lightning dragon instantly exploded, turning into a dazzling glow that spread in all directions.
 Space trembled as energy ripples spread out.
 Everyone from the Netherworld Demon Sect looked at the center of the explosion with anticipation.
 This was the strongest strike that had gathered all of their strength and used up all of their powers. It should be enough to kill Li Yu, right?
 Even if he was lucky enough not to die, he would definitely be severely injured and vomit blood, leaving him in a sorry state.
 However, when the light dissipated, Li Yu remained on the spot with a calm expression.
 Their best attack that had gathered the power of more than a thousand people in their sect and the Protective Mountain Array…
 A strike more than enough to level a mountain or kill an elite cultivator at the Profound Void Martial Stage…
 It did nothing!
 How is this possible!  How is he still unharmed!  Is he a monster?  Everyone was utterly shocked!
  Right then, Li Yu looked at the people above him, the corners of his mouth suddenly curved up in a thought-provoking smile.
 Then, he slashed out!
 This strike seemed to sever time!
 All was quiet, and it was as if space had stopped for a moment.
 In the next second…
 Bang!
 The light screen of the array formation exploded.
 …
    
Chapter 32: Another Change in the Hidden Dragon Rankings  
 Outside Jade Peak Pass, in the Wolf King’s camp.
 A group of soldiers of the Great Xia Dynasty searched for the weapons, treasures, and other items left behind by the Wolf King’s army.
 They also rescued the captured prisoners of war and women.
 Ye Qiu was here as well.
 Last night, he had learned that the Wolf King had been killed by a mysterious expert and that the Wolf King’s army had fled.
 He rushed here before the army did with Zhang Zhizhong and the others.
  “What a terrifying divine power it is to actually tear open such a huge hole in this land! No wonder it could scare off the Wolf King’s 500,000 men army. This is simply the descent of a god into the mortal world!”
 Everyone looked at the cracked ground at the campsite in shock.
 Especially when they arrived near the enormous ravine that was almost seven to eight meters wide and stretched for several hundreds of meters.
 The visual impact simply made them feel so tiny and weak.
 They could finally understand how traumatized the men from the Wolf King Clan were back then.
 Anyone else would be terrified to the point their souls left their bodies, and they would flee for their lives.
 Ye Qiu didn’t say anything, but he was extremely excited and proud inside!
 He was now even more sure that this was done by Li Yu.
 In the entire Xia Dynasty, only he could have such terrifying strength.
 Looking at the ravine in front of him, he imagined the scene at that time.
 Li Yu entered the enemy camp alone and killed the Wolf King.
 Afterward, the might of the next sword strike collapsed the earth, scaring away the Wolf King’s army of 500,000 men.
 In the end, he left without revealing his identity as fame was irrelevant to him.
 Thinking to this point, Ye Qiu couldn’t help but want to clap for Li Yu and cheer for him.
 This is what a true expert, a true hero, is all about!  Such a magnificent achievement is unprecedented.  Such a heroic feat should be respected by all.  Any good man should be like my senior brother!  When can I become a powerhouse like Senior Brother!  The admiration Ye Qiu had for Li Yu flowed like an endless river.
 Right then, a sudden commotion broke out among the soldiers nearby, and everyone looked over curiously.
 Those soldiers were looking at the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the southeast with surprised faces.
 At the moment, the names of everyone from the Netherworld Demon Sect on the glittering Hidden Dragon Rankings had begun to vanish one at a time.
 “The name of the members from the Netherworld Demon Sect has disappeared!”
 “What happened? Perhaps someone got rid of the Netherworld Demon Sect?” The soldiers were abuzz and couldn’t contain their excited faces.
 The main culprit of the Wolf King’s clan’s invasion was the Netherworld Demon Sect, so the soldiers hated the Netherworld Demon Sect to the bone.
 It was especially so since many of these soldiers were from the Mo Prefecture to begin with. In the past few decades, they’d frequently endured being pushed around by the Netherworld Demon Sect disciples.
 Of course, they were also afraid.
 As long as the Netherworld Demon Sect was not eliminated, the Grand Xia Dynasty would never have peace.
 Did Senior Brother eliminate the Netherworld Demon Sect as well?!  Ye Qiu was also shocked.
 If the Wolf King Clan was like a thorn in the back to the Great Xia Dynasty, then the Netherworld Demon Sect was the sword that hung above their heads.
 Although the Netherworld Demon Sect did not want the Grand Xia Dynasty to collapse completely, they would become a shit-stirrer for their own benefits.
 They instigated wars and caused trouble everywhere while the commoners were the ones who were suffering.
  Of course, commoners might be worthless in their eyes.
 However, they were all living people who had parents and families, just like his third uncle, who had died in battle.
 Hence, if the Netherworld Demon Sect was eliminated for good, it would simply be too satisfying for everyone.
 My Third Uncle can now rest in peace.  Ah. I told Senior Brother the other day that the Netherworld Demon Sect worked with the Wolf King Clan to invade Mo Prefecture.  Senior Brother must have eradicated the Netherworld Demon Sect altogether to eliminate all future troubles.  Oh my senior brother. Oh you’re too awesome!  Ye Qiu really didn’t know what to say to express his current feelings and admiration for Li Yu.
 …
 The main hall of the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 Perfected Yu Hua had invited the elders of the Great Sky Dao Sect, the Five Elements Sect, the Star Dou Sect, and other orthodox sects of the Great Xia Dynasty for a meeting.
 They had gathered to discuss dealing with the Netherworld Demon Sect together.
 After they heard that the Netherworld Demon Sect was refining the peerless sword, the Demonic Carnage Sword, everyone was shocked as they denounced and cursed.
 However, when Perfected Yu Hua proposed to gather the strength of various sects to attack the Netherworld Demon Sect and destroy the forging of the Demonic Carnage Sword, everyone went silent. They looked at each other with hesitation.
 They knew that the Netherworld Demon Sect was becoming more and more prosperous. If they were allowed to grow further, there would come a day when the righteous path would be completely suppressed by the Netherworld Demon Sect. They would be trampled under their feet and be at their mercy by that time.
 However, a sect war was not a fight between two children where they fought as and when they liked.
 Furthermore, the world was on the verge of total chaos with the appearance of the demon child and greater demons that were wreaking havoc within their areas.
 No one hoped for another war, especially one facing against the Netherworld Demon Sect that was in full swing.
 At that time, the other fiend sects would definitely take the opportunity to launch an attack. In the end, it would evolve into a bloody war between the righteous and fiend sects.
 Not to mention the final outcome, such a war would definitely deal heavy losses to both sides, and it could even plunge the world into an abyss of misery.
 The various greater demons would take the opportunity to cause more trouble and bring chaos. At that time, their world would probably experience an unprecedented calamity.
 Therefore, they felt that this matter was debatable. Some even suggested seeking help from the Clear Void Holy Land and the Limitless Dao Sect, the top Holy Land sects in the Huaxia continent.
 Only After all, the Netherworld Demon Sect and the Netherworld Cult came from the same source. And the Clear Void Holy Land and the Limitless Dao Sect would likely not allow a peerless demon sword like the Demonic Carnage Sword to appear.
 Yet, Perfected Yu Hua was well aware that the entire world was facing troubling times. The Clear Void Holy Land and the Limitless Dao Sect were too busy handling their own matters, so how could they have the time to care about the business of the Great Xia Dynasty?
 It was not as though all of the orthodox sects of the Great Xia Dynasty were destroyed or that an apocalypse had really befallen the world.
 This sort of thing was supposed to be handled by the sects of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Furthermore, Perfected Yu Hua was feeling anxious!
 His elders and disciples were in the hands of the Netherworld Demon Sect, and he couldn’t afford to wait any longer.
 At the end of the meeting, the hall fell into silence. The atmosphere was heavy to the extreme.
 However, at this moment, an inner sect disciple of the Jade Pure Dao Sect suddenly ran in. “Sect Master, there are major changes in the Heavenly Dao Rankings. The names of those from the Netherworld Demon Sect are disappearing!”
 “What!”
 The crowd immediately had astonished expressions.
 They rushed out of the hall and looked at the golden scroll in the sky.
 Indeed, the names of all the disciples of the Netherworld Demon Sect on the Hidden Dragon Rankings had vanished.
  Even Gu Cangming, who was ranked third, had disappeared.
 There was no longer a single disciple of the Netherworld Demon Sect on the entire rankings.
 “What’s going on? Did someone annihilate the Netherworld Demon Sect?”
 The last time this had occurred was when the Heavenly Water Pavilion was destroyed by the demon child.
 Hence, when they saw the vanishing names, everyone thought of the same thing.
 “But who could have the ability to annihilate the Netherworld Demon Sect!?”
 “It’s also possible that the Mo Prefecture fell into the territory of the Wolf King Clan, so the Hidden Dragon Rankings automatically removed the disciples of the Netherworld Demon Sect from the rankings of the Grand Xia Dynasty!”
 …
Chapter 33: Who Drove Off the Wolf King’s Army?  
 “Eh? Do you think it’s that demon child? Maybe only he has such capabilities!”
 “Yeah, that’s possible!”
 “I don’t think so. Demon Child has been sealed away for countless years, and his powers have reduced significantly. He wouldn’t make enemies everywhere when he has just returned to the world. Although he’s called Demon Child, his intelligence isn’t like any ordinary child. It wasn’t easy for him to regain his freedom, so he wouldn’t dig his own grave like this!”
 “So if that’s the case, what could have happened to the Netherworld Demon Sect? Had Mo Lin been crazy enough to use his disciples as sacrifices to his sword?!”
 Everyone’s imagination ran wild as they came up with all kinds of conjectures.
 After all, they didn’t dare believe that the Netherworld Demon Sect, at its peak, had really been eradicated.
  Even though this was what all of them had hoped for.
 “Why don’t we go take a look together? Perhaps the Netherworld Demon Sect has really been destroyed by the Demon Child or some unknown expert. We might be able to finish off any remnants still alive if we lead the way!” said the Sovereign of the Sky Dao Sect.
 What he said might not seem like much on the surface, but it contained a lot of information.
 Even though he said it was to finish off the survivors, everyone knew that the meaning behind it was to divide the wealth of the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 Although the other party was a fiend sect, there was no absolute distinction between orthodox and demonic, such as spirit stones, spirit herbs, medicinal pills, magic treasures, or even some cultivation techniques.
 Everyone knew how massive the wealth of such a powerful sect possessed.
 After the Heavenly Water Pavilion was destroyed, those from the Jade Pure Dao Sect had obtained the most benefits since they arrived first.
 Humans die for wealth, while birds die for food. Although nothing was confirmed yet, everyone was instantly energized and agreed to the proposal.
 They returned to gather their disciples and prepared to head to the Mo Prefecture together.
 …
 In the Eastern Palace of the Great Xia Dynasty, Murong Xingqiao also saw the changes in the Hidden Dragon Rankings and was rather shocked.
 “Those from the Netherworld Demon Sect have disappeared!” Murong Xingqiao’s heart suddenly began to race.
 Thinking of the incident at the Heavenly Water Pavilion, a bold idea surfaced in her mind.
 The Netherworld Demon Sect must have been annihilated!  If the Netherworld Demon Sect was really destroyed, it would surely be a joyous occasion for the Great Xia Dynasty.
 The fiend sects had been rampant for years, wreaking havoc in their areas. The commoners had suffered terribly, but the imperial government could do nothing to deal with the problems.
 Now, the Netherworld Demon Sect had even colluded with the Wolf King Clan to invade the territory of the Grand Xia Dynasty and murder its citizens.
 It threatened the peace of the Great Xia Dynasty and drilled fear into everyone in the world.
 Of course, personally speaking, the Netherworld Demon Sect was a primary threat to her.
 Murong Xingqiao also knew that the Netherworld Demon Sect was in cahoots with her third brother, Murong Taisheng, and the Luo family.
 It was precisely her third brother and the Luo Clan who helped the Netherworld Demon Sect grow more prosperous over the years by providing cover for benefits. Nowadays, the sect has become more and more daring.
 The Wolf King’s clan’s invasion of Mo Prefecture should also be linked to her third brother.
 He probably wanted to use this opportunity to eliminate the Ye Family’s influence.
 The Netherworld Demon Sect would have become a trump card for her third brother in the future.
 Hence, if the Netherworld Demon Sect was really eliminated, then it would remove a huge concern in her heart.
 However, when she thought of the power of Mo Lin and the Netherworld Demon Sect, Murong Xingqiao felt that it seemed unlikely.
  In the entire Grand Xia Dynasty, no one could possess such strength.
 Perfected Yu Hua could only at most tie with Mo Lin.
 If anyone wanted to destroy the Netherworld Demon Sect, there was no telling whether they could win even with the combined strength of the Great Xia Dynasty’s orthodox sects.
 Although she knew that it was unlikely, she still anticipated good news.
 After all, something must have happened behind the sudden changes on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 At this moment, Imperial Tutor Wu Cheng suddenly ran over and said after a bow, “Your Highness! I just received news that there was good news from the Mo Prefecture. Wolf King Tharman was killed by a mysterious expert, and the Wolf King Clan’s army was scared off by that expert!”
 “What? Really?” Murong Xingqiao’s eyes widened in excitement. She was euphoric.
 “It’s absolutely true. General Ye has  led the army to hunt down the Wolf King’s remnant troops and recover the lost grounds!”
 “This is great! This is great! God bless my Great Xia Dynasty!” Murong Xingqiao was thoroughly thrilled.
 This piece of news made her even more excited because the unexpected change in the Hidden Dragon Rankings might really be as she had expected.
 Maybe this mysterious expert attacked the Netherworld Demon Sect as well?  If that was the case, this expert’s strength was too terrifying.  It was a feat to destroy the Netherworld Demon Sect! Even every known top-notch expert of the Great Xia Dynasty could not do it even if they joined forces.
 “I didn’t expect that there was actually such a peerless expert hidden in our Great Xia Dynasty! I wonder who this person is?” Murong Xingqiao’s heart was filled with curiosity.
 …
 In the Prosperity Palace, the third prince, Murong Taisheng, had an ugly expression on his face as he watched the changes in the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 It was at this time that a figure suddenly appeared behind him. He bowed with cupped hands and said, “Your Highness, I have bad news. We just received news that Wolf King Tharman was killed by a mysterious expert. The Wolf King’s army fled in panic and was routed!”
 “What? How could this be?” Murong Taisheng’s expression drastically changed as he felt his mind buzz.
 Not long ago, he had found out that the Netherworld Demon Sect had failed to kill Ye Qiu and was instead killed by a mysterious person. He was left shocked and frustrated.
 When he saw the unexpected change in the Heavenly Dao Rankings moments ago, everyone from the Netherworld Demon Sect had suddenly disappeared, and he had just begun to worry.
 Right now, he heard the news that the Wolf King’s army had been driven off by a mysterious expert.
 It was as if he was struck by lightning, and he felt panicky inside.
 He did not want to link all these things together.
 But wasn’t this too much of a coincidence?
 Of course, his worst fear was the possibility that the Netherworld Demon Sect had been eradicated by the same mysterious expert.
 If that was the case, everything he had painstakingly built over the years would be for naught.
  For the sake of borrowing the strength of the Netherworld Demon Sect, he hadn’t hesitated to send wealth to the Netherworld Demon Sect for all these years and provided cover for them.
 With the Wolf King’s clan gone, his chance to eradicate the Ye family’s power was gone.
 Instead, it gave the Ye family a chance to gain military exploits and prestige.
 If his backing, the Netherworld Demon Sect, was destroyed too, then his grand plan would be ruined.
 “Damn! Why did this guy suddenly pop up? He ruined my plan… Mo Ying, do you have any clues about this unknown expert?”
 “Not at the moment, Your Highness. But based on my investigation, it shouldn’t have been done by the top experts of the Great Xia Dynasty. For some reason, they have all gone to the Jade Pure Dao Sect.”
 “Immediately send someone to the Netherworld Demon Sect to investigate the reason for the changes in the rankings!” Murong Taisheng ordered as he still held onto the last trace of hope.
 …
Chapter 34: Emergence of the Demonic Carnage Sword  
 In the Ye Residence, Yang Shengnan almost cried with joy when she heard the good news from the Mo Prefecture.
 Ye Guxiong and Ye Qiu’s grandfather, Ye Tianming, were also overjoyed.
 “Wonderful, the heavens have blessed me. Gu Xing has averted the danger this time!” Ye Tianming was naturally worried about Ye Guxing. After all, the situation in the Mo Prefecture was critical.
 Not to mention the severe lack of troops, the Wolf King Clan had the Netherworld Demon Sect’s support, and it was even possible that some people in the imperial court were colluding with them.
 He feared that Ye Guxing would die in the Mo Prefecture.
 “Yes, the heavens are blessing our Great Xia Dynasty! To think that there would be a powerful person helping us at this time. Second Brother and Qiu’er are safe now!” Ye Guxiong breathed a sigh of relief.
  He was all too aware of how deep and muddy the water was in the Mo Prefecture.
 He had also escaped death this time. Though with the country in trouble, they could not defy the emperor’s order. The men of the Ye family could only rush to the front and take the lead.
 “I’m afraid Grand Commandant Zhao will be disappointed this time!” Ye Tianming said in a deep voice, his eyes filled with coldness.
 “It turns out Qiu’er isn’t lying to me. That Li Yu he mentioned must be the real deal with extraordinary power. This is unbelievable!” Yang Shengnan said from the side, her face full of joy.
 Out of desperation on that day, she hoped that the Li Yu her son had mentioned would help. She hadn’t thought that Li Yu would really agree to help Ye Qiu.
 Moreover, she hadn’t expected that Li Yu would actually defeat the Wolf King’s army. This was enough to prove that Ye Qiu was right about him.
 Li Yu was an extremely extraordinary person with unfathomable strength.
 “Li Yu? What does this have to do with him?” Ye Guxiong and Ye Tianming looked at Yang Shengnan in surprise.
 They knew Li Yu’s name, but they didn’t understand how this matter had anything to do with Li Yu.
 “I think the Wolf King’s army was likely driven off by Li Yu!” Yang Shengnan said.
 “Huh?” Ye Guxiong and Ye Tianming widened their eyes.
 …
 After Li Yu destroyed the grand array formation with a single strike, it killed almost everyone from the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 No one could understand how Li Yu could be so strong.
 After eradicating the Netherworld Demon Sect, Li Yu did not leave. He had to find the reincarnated Mo Lin.
 After all, if he did not eliminate the roots, there would be no end of trouble.
 He was not afraid that Mo Lin would threaten his safety, but that was not the case for his father.
 Furthermore, the system mission required him to kill Mo Lin.
 All of a sudden, dark clouds loomed above.
 Dark purple clouds swirled around a central point, forming a vortex.
 Thick bolts of lightning flashed within as thunder rumbled, shaking the heavens and the earth.
 Waves of powerful pressure spread down from the sky as if the gods were about to descend.
 Li Qingyun was shocked as he looked at the phenomenon in the sky. “This is a tribulation cloud. Lightning tribulation has descended. Is someone going to transcend the tribulation, or…”
 At the same time, in the depths of the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 A black sword covered with red veins floated above the altar.
 The five dried corpses were arranged in all directions according to the five elements.
 A strange blood-colored totem floated from the altar and slowly shrank.
 In the end, it turned into a ray of light that assimilated into the sword.
 Buzz—
 The sword shook violently as if a demon had awakened.
 Demonic Qi filled the air.
 The surrounding space shook.
 A strange red light illuminated the entire secret chamber.
 Waves of sword hums were like the roars of demons, causing one’s heart to tremble.
 “It’s a success! The Demonic Carnage Sword has finally emerged!” Mister Wu Chang exclaimed excitedly.
 The two lurid lights under the black robe flickered intensely.
 At this moment, the Demonic Carnage Sword suddenly rushed into the sky and shattered the dome with a bang.
 It was like a dragon that had escaped its restraints and roared through the nine heavens.
  At the same time, a thick bolt of lightning hacked down from the vortex-like tribulation cloud.
 Bang!
 The world shook as lightning struck the Demonic Carnage Sword.
 The lightning blast created circles of ripples.
 “It’s a magic treasure undergoing tribulation! To think the Netherworld Demon Sect has an immortal artifact-level magic weapon coming into being!” Li Qingyun looked in surprise at the Demonic Carnage Sword that was baptized by the lightning tribulation in mid-air.
 Magic treasures were divided into magic artifacts, spirit artifacts, and immortal artifacts from low to high. Every grade was divided into four levels: low, middle, high, and supreme.
 In the Great Xia Dynasty, spirit artifacts were  considered absolute treasures. Immortal artifacts were even rarer.
 He did not expect that the Netherworld Demon Sect could actually produce a demon sword of the Immortal Artifact level.
 Bang ~ Bang ~ Bang ~
 Lightning tribulations bombarded the Demonic Carnage Sword one after another, producing a total of four lightning tribulations.
 “Four bolts of lightning? This is actually a supreme-grade immortal artifact!” Li Qingyun was even more surprised.
 A supreme-grade immortal artifact was absolutely a rare treasure that barely existed in the entire world.
 A supreme-grade immortal artifact was enough to allow someone to match against one major cultivation realm above him.
 For example, Mo Lin was at the Soul Formation Stage previously. If he used this supreme-grade immortal artifact to fight, it would give him the combat strength of the Profound Void Martial Stage.
 Of course, in Li Qingyun’s opinion, there was no magic weapon or sword in this world that could compare to Li Yu’s ordinary-looking sword.
 Furthermore, Li Qingyun, who had seen top-tier magic treasures, was not surprised to see a supreme-grade immortal artifact.
 He was only shocked that a supreme-grade immortal artifact had suddenly emerged in the Netherworld Demon Sect at this moment.
 This surprised him.
 Mm, it’s an unexpected gain!  …
 As the lightning tribulation baptized the Demonic Carnage Sword, Mo Lin, who was in the secret chamber, finally fused into his body.
 However, he did not know that his sect had  been wiped out.
 He looked at Mister Wu Chang expectantly as he walked in.
 “Sect Master, the Demonic Carnage Sword has been completed. If you fuse with me now, you should be able to recover your previous strength! With the power of the Demonic Carnage Sword and the power of the sect’s Protective Mountain Array, you should be able to defeat Li Yu!” Mister Wu Chang said.
 He had been refining the sword the entire time and was unaware of what was happening outside. He thought that the sect had used the grand array formation to hold Li Yu back.
 “This is great!” Mo Lin beamed. The Demonic Carnage Sword had finally emerged.
 However, when he thought of Li Yu, he was still quite afraid. He had not walked out of the shadows from not long ago.
 The might of Li Yu’s sword was absolutely terrifying.
 However, he thought of his own sect and the foundation he had built up over hundreds of years.
 He thought of Gu Cangming, who was willing to sacrifice himself for the sect.
 He could not back down!
 If he did not give it his all, his sect might really be destroyed.
 Furthermore, he had painstakingly cultivated for more than two hundred years before stepping into the Soul Formation Stage. Yet, Li Yu had beaten him back to his original state in an instant.
 He had even lost 500 years of lifespan after reincarnation and lost his Soul Conduit realm body as well.
 Therefore, he must make Li Yu and Li Qingyun pay the price today.
 Otherwise, this matter would thoroughly shake his Dao heart, and he would probably never return to his cultivation peak ever again.
 “Mister Wu Chang, let’s begin!” Mo Lin formed hand seals as a demonic aura surged around him.
 At the same time, a lurid glow flew out from Mister Wu Chang’s black robe and instantly fused into Mo Lin’s body. The black robe was scattered on the ground.
  Bang!
 A powerful aura burst forth from Mo Lin’s body.
 Light blue flames instantly ignited on his body as his eyes turned black without a trace of white.
 Coupled with the strange symbol on his glabella, he looked somewhat sinister and terrifying.
 “Li Yu, Li Qingyun, you two will die!” After fusing with Mister Wu Chang, Mo Lin’s aura changed.
 He roared as his body soared into the sky.
 He pierced through the roof of the secret chamber, through the floors above, before breaking out of the ground.
 In the end, he grabbed the Demonic Carnage Sword that had just been baptized by the lightning tribulation.
Chapter 35: Dad’s Persuasion  
 Hum—
 The Demonic Carnage Sword let out a sword hum that resounded through the world. Even the void could tremble.
 A demon god phantom appeared behind Mo Lin, drawing upon the power of heaven and earth to gather around his body, forming a ferocious and overbearing pressure that spread out.
 “No need to look anymore. He came out himself!” Seeing Mo Lin rush out, Li Qingyun said.
 “Well, that saves me the trouble!” A wisp of a smile suffused the corners of Li Yu’s mouth while his gaze was indifferent.
 He did not care about the changes in Mo Lin at all, even though the current Mo Lin looked completely different from before and even seemed creepy.
  “Mo Lin does have some trump cards. He actually has such a natural oddity!” Li Qingyun said with a smile as he looked at the flames on Mo Lin’s body.
 “Natural oddity? What kind?” Li Yu was immediately interested. He needed to collect natural oddities too. When he heard the keywords, his eyes sparkled.
 “If I’m not wrong, it should be the Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame. Plus, it has been cultivated into a demon!” Li Qingyun explained.
 The Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame was a profound fire born from heaven and earth, and it was an extremely precious natural oddity.
 Even to the various Holy Lands, this was definitely a priceless treasure.
 When it was first born, it generally did not have much intelligence.
 This type of profound fire could be refined and fused by cultivators into their own great divine art to improve their magic power.
 At the same time, it was also one of the best flames for pill refinement and weapon refinement.
 After seeing this Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame, Li Qingyun understood why the demon sword could reach the level of a supreme-grade immortal artifact.
 “As expected of the Divine Firmament Holy Land’s Holy Son. You sure are knowledgeable!” said Mo Lin.
 However, his voice sounded as if two people were talking in synchrony. One was deep while the other was soft, making the sound even more sinister and eerie.
 “The supreme-grade Immortal Artifact, Demonic Carnage Sword. The natural oddity is the Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame. Wow, I can’t believe I’m getting two unexpected rewards today!” The corners of Li Yu’s mouth curled into a wisp of a greedy smile.
 This was really a surprise!
 “Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame, why don’t you follow my son Li Yu? You’ll have a brighter future rather than following Mo Lin!” Li Qingyun remarked.
 “Li Qingyun, stop daydreaming. Today will be your… Huh? Where are my disciples!” As Mo Lin took back control of his body, he suddenly noticed that the surroundings were abnormally quiet. He looked down carefully, and his expression immediately changed.
 All of them were dead!
 Mo Lin’s pupils trembled, and the pale blue flames around him shook violently.
 Initially, he believed that the Demonic Carnage Sword would turn the tide by joining forces with his disciples and the array formation.
 However, he did not expect that Li Yu had  destroyed his entire sect.
 Looking at the state of everyone’s death, Mo Lin instantly knew the reason.
 Li Yu destroyed the Protective Mountain Array, and the backlash caused everyone to die from internal injuries.
 He destroyed the grand array!  Mo Lin was shocked again.
 The fear of being dominated by the sword overwhelmed him again.
 He knew how terrifying the lethality could be if they used the entire sect’s power to support the grand array formation.
 Even if he held the Demonic Carnage Sword now, he might not be able to withstand it unscathed.
 Yet, this did not harm Li Yu at all. He had even destroyed the grand array formation.
 Just how strong is this guy!  Mo Lin felt that Li Yu’s strength seemed to have  exceeded the scope of his understanding.
 This guy was not human at all.
 He might even be the reincarnation of a certain Demon Thearch, Immortal Emperor, or Martial Emperor.
 Up to this point, Mo Lin’s aura immediately weakened, and he even thought of backing out.
 He felt that even if he had the Demonic Carnage Sword, he might not match Li Yu.
 If it wasn’t for the fact that he could no longer retreat, he would absolutely choose to avoid that terrifying sword strike from Li Yu.
 However, as matters stood, he had no way out. He could either kill Li Yu or be killed by Li Yu.
 “Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame, see this? The Netherworld Demon Sect has  been destroyed. Mo Lin is only an arrow at the end of its flight. Plus, he’s  terrified.
 “He has no chance of winning. You should know this better than I do. If you don’t abandon the dark and seek the light, you will only die with him.
 “You have probably cultivated for at least a thousand years. Sacrificing yourself for a dead person is really not worth it.
 “If you follow my son, he can help you obtain the Extreme Earth True Fire in the primordial abyss or the Golden Sun True Fire of the Golden Feather Race in the future!
 “You should know what this means!
 “And you must have seen my son’s capabilities. It’s enough to sweep through the world. Although I, Li Qingyun, am no longer the Divine Firmament’s Holy Son, my knowledge is definitely not something an ordinary person can compare to.
 “Therefore, do you choose to perish with Mo Lin, or do you want to pursue the Great Dao of Immortal Ascension with us? You decide for yourself!”
 Li Qingyun’s persuasion was powerful and resonating.
 It made the flames around Mo Lin seem to become illusory.
 In fact, Li Qingyun could tell from Mo Lin’s expression that he was afraid.
 Even the phantom behind him became dim and shrunk, showing that he had  lost mentally.
 As for the Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame, it was fused with Mo Lin. Since their minds were linked, he could definitely sense this change in emotion.
 Hence, Li Qingyun took the opportunity to convince the natural oddity to flip. And he might be able to subdue the enemy without a fight.
 Otherwise, with a single sword strike from Li Yu, he would probably really beat the Turtle Spirit Ground Flame back to its original form or even directly destroy it.
 Sensing the slight hesitation in the profound flame, Mo Lin knew that the situation was dire and yelled, “Shut up, Li Qingyun. Today, I will take revenge for all the disciples of the sect!”
 He immediately wanted to wave his sword and attack.
 However, right at this moment, he suddenly stopped.
 The flames around him instantly disappeared. An illusory flame figure grabbed the Demonic Carnage Sword from Mo Lin’s hand and flew to the side.
 “Mister Wu Chang, you!” Mo Lin’s expression changed drastically, and his aura instantly weakened.
 “I’m sorry, Sect Master Mo Lin. You’ve  lost mentally. Even if I help you, you’re bound to die. You should know this better than me!” the Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame said.
 He and Mo Lin did not have a deep bond. They only needed each other for mutual benefits.
 Moreover, as Li Qingyun said, he could sense Mo Lin’s thoughts.
 He knew that Mo Lin was afraid and that they had no chance of winning.
 So there was no need for him to be buried with the Netherworld Demon Sect and Mo Lin.
 After weighing the pros and cons, he made a wise choice.
 Hearing the profound flame’s remarks, Mo Lin bitterly smiled, his eyes filled with despair.
 He knew that he had been utterly defeated today.
 He didn’t say anything else and charged right at Li Yu.
 The desire for death was clear to see.
 Li Yu made no mistake and casually waved his sword, sending Mo Lin to reunite with the Netherworld Demon Sect’s disciples.
 After eliminating Mo Lin, Li Yu’s mission was finally completed.
 Prestige became 49 / 100.
 Other than his prestige points, his experience points increase as well.
 At this stage, he had obtained a lot of experience points killing the demon child, Wolf King Tharman, and Mo Lin.
 The experience bar had changed to: You are still 10.011… away from becoming invincible.
 Looking at this data, he felt more reassured!
 “Dad, your mouth, your persuasion is amazing!” Li Yu said with a smile as he looked at the Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame that had surrendered voluntarily.
 Li Qingyun gave a smile, then looked at the profound flame and commented, “You’ve made a wise choice!”
 “Here is the Demonic Carnage Sword. It’s my gift to show my loyalty!” The profound flame handed over the sword with both hands.
 Li Yu smiled and received the Demonic Carnage Sword. The system’s voice sounded.
 “Ding… successful collection of the Demonic Carnage Sword.”
 At the same time, the mission progress of the divine weapon collection became 7 / 20.
 “You’re called Wu Chang, right?” Li Qingyun asked.
 “Yes!” the Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame said respectfully.
 “I still can’t confirm if you sincerely submit to my son, so I have to plant a contract seal in your sea of consciousness!” Li Qingyun announced.
 “Huh? You didn’t say that just now!” A look of shock appeared on Wu Chang’s illusory face.
 He felt like he had been tricked!
 The so-called contract seal was a special restriction. As long as it was planted, Wu Chang would essentially become Li Qingyun’s puppet servant with his life and death in his hands.
 As long as Li Qingyun was willing, he could even control him directly.
 This was definitely a form of humiliation.
  Li Qingyun revealed a pleasant smile and added, “Don’t worry, this is only a test for you. If you don’t even dare to accept this, then it means that you really have ulterior motives. Why don’t we let my son beat you back to your original form now and then refine and absorb you? Wouldn’t that be better!”
 Wu Chang fell silent.?Damn, this Li Qingyun is a demon!  However, he had no other choice now.
 His strength was similar to Mo Lin’s in the past, both at the Soul Formation Stage.
 Not even Mo Lin was a match for Li Yu, so struggling was equivalent to seeking death.
 “Don’t worry. If you prove your loyalty in the future, I’ll surely remove the contract seal for you!” Li Qingyun promised.
 Wu Chang went silent for a moment before he said helplessly, “Alright, to show my loyalty, I’m willing to accept the contract seal!”
 …
Chapter 36: Panic Among Fiend Sects  
 Li Yu did not speak. Although this was the first time he had heard of the contract seal, he could roughly guess what it was.
 He couldn’t help but sigh in his heart. His father was indeed an experienced man. In this way, he wouldn’t have to worry about this Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame with an ulterior motive. Otherwise, this guy would be a time bomb.
 Once his father planted a contract seal on Wu Chang, he would obediently submit to them. This way, Wu Chang could stay with his father in the future and protect his father’s safety.
 With a Soul Formation Stage bodyguard, he wouldn’t have to worry about his father getting kidnapped again.
 Li Qingyun formed hand seals before a strange golden totem surfaced on his fingertip.
 “Wu Chang!” He looked at Wu Chang, indicating for him to accept this contract.
  Wu Chang closed his eyes and opened his sea of consciousness, allowing Li Qingyun to send the contract seal into it.
 As the golden totem fused into the sea of consciousness of the turtle spirit, the contract seal was successfully planted.
 “Alright, Wu Chang, you are now a member of the Qingyun Sect in the future. In the future, I will be your master, and Li Yu will be your Young Master! You must be loyal to us. Of course, we will not mistreat you. And we will honor our promise!” Li Qingyun said solemnly.
 Although his cultivation was crippled and his meridians had not fully recovered. His actual cultivation was only at the late stage of the Foundation Establishment Realm.
 However, he still sounded like a revered expert.
 “Wu Chang will definitely follow Master and Young Master’s lead!” Wuchang cupped his hands and announced.
 After they subdued the Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame, Li Yu and Li Qingyun started to seize the assets of the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 It had to be said that as the most powerful sect in the Great Xia Dynasty, the wealth of the Netherworld Demon Sect was indeed shocking.
 Spirit stones, spirit crystals, rare treasures, various cultivation techniques, pills, and weapons…
 Furthermore, with Wu Chang as their guide, the father and son practically left nothing valuable behind. They looted the entire Netherworld Demon Sect empty and filled up over 50 storage magic treasures. Right now, the Netherworld Demon Sect was cleaner than how bandits would have left it.
 Meanwhile, Li Yu’s collection task was more than half completed.
 Divine weapons collection: 12 / 20.
 Refining techniques collection: 15 / 20
 Pills and Pill Formulas collection: 39 / 50
 Cultivation techniques collection: 35 / 50
 Spirit herbs collection, 42 / 50
 Natural Oddities: 2 / 10
 Li Yu couldn’t help but sigh that he had destroyed the rich to become wealthy himself!
 Looting was indeed the fastest way to get rich!
 Four hours after Li Yu and Li Qingyun left the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 The Jade Pure Dao Sect, the Great Sky Dao Sect, the Five Elements Sect, the Star Dou Sect, and other orthodox sects arrived at the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 Shock emerged on the faces of everyone when they saw the state of the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 “The Netherworld Demon Sect has really been annihilated!” They’d  guessed it when they entered the Netherworld Demon Sect’s territory earlier since there was no array formation or patrolling disciples there to stop them.
 It was apparent that something really happened to the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 However, they could not help but feel shocked when they saw it with their own eyes.
 Of course, there was also a sense of relief and joy.
 The Netherworld Demon Sect that was at its peak and terrorized the orthodox sects had actually been destroyed.
 If they were not at the scene right now and saw it with their own eyes, they would probably not believe this happened.
 “Look at the huge sword marks on the ground. It must be that unknown expert who killed the Wolf King!” commented Perfected Yu Hua in a low voice.
  Based on the situation at the scene, the person who annihilated the Netherworld Demon Sect was clearly not the Demon Child.
 Moreover, the gigantic ravine-like sword mark on the ground was identical to the wolf king’s camp.
 Therefore, Perfected Yu Hua could determine that the same person likely did it.
 On the way here, they had also heard about the mysterious expert driving off the Wolf King Army, so they especially went to the Wolf King’s clan camp to see for themselves.
 At that time, Elder Hu had  recognized that the mysterious expert was probably the person who had killed Shi Potian.
 “I wonder who this expert is!” Perfected Yu Hua was filled with curiosity. To be able to destroy the Netherworld Demon Sect, this person’s strength far surpassed his own. He was probably at least at the Profound Void Martial Stage.
 It was truly astonishing that the Great Xia Dynasty had a hidden Profound Void Martial Stage expert.
 “Now, I suspect that the demon child might also be killed by this mysterious expert!” Elder Hu remarked.
 “That’s possible!” Everyone nodded.
 “I wonder if Elder Xu, Elder Chu, and the rest are still alive. Elder Hu, lead everyone to split up and search immediately!” Perfected Yu Hua hurriedly ordered after recovering from his shock.
 “Yes!” Elder Hu quickly led the disciples to find Elder Xu, Elder Chu, and the others.
 As for the people from the large sects, they could not wait to begin searching for the treasures of the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 However, the Netherworld Demon Sect was simply cleaner than being robbed by bandits, much to everyone’s surprise.
 “This… Could it be that someone beat us to it?”
 “It can’t be, right? It will take some time to empty the Netherworld Demon Sect!”
 “Perhaps that mysterious expert took all of it away! This expert is really…!” Everyone was at a loss whether to laugh or cry.
 It seemed that this expert was greedy!
 Everyone shook their heads in disappointment.
 However, when they thought of the fact that the Netherworld Demon Sect had been eliminated, they were still satisfied.
 At the same time, Elder Hu found Elder Chu, Elder Xu, and the others in the dungeon.
 The captured disciples of the Jade Pure Dao Sect wept with joy after they were freed.
 In next to no time, the members of the various factions of the Grand Xia Dynasty arrived at the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 In fact, Million Sins Sect, the Free Spirit Sect, the Yin Yue Sect, these fiend sects had also gathered here.
 Mo Lin probably did not expect that the destruction of his sect would actually lead to the extremely rare gathering of the various powerhouses of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 When they saw the destroyed Netherworld Demon Sect, Million Sin Sect, the Free Spirit Sect, and the Yin Yue Sect were filled with panic.
 Even when faced with the verbal provocation from the orthodox sects, none of them dared to utter a word as they fled in a hurry.
 How could they know if the mysterious expert that annihilated the Netherworld Demon Sect was amongst these people?
 They didn’t want to follow in the footsteps of the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 “Haha, this is too awesome! After all these years where the fiend sects have been rampant, this time, their domineering influence is finally damaged. Looking at them flee with their tails between their legs really makes me feel good!” Elder Hu laughed happily.
  “These fiend sects should start restraining themselves!” An elder from the Five Elements Sect said.
 It was as everyone had expected. After the Million Sin Sect, the Free Spirit Sect, and the Yin Yue Sect’s sect leaders returned to their respective sects, they immediately ordered all the disciples to restrain their behavior and not do anything immoral.
 They ordered the various elders and hall masters to strictly control their disciples. Everyone was barred from stirring up trouble, especially not people from the orthodox path. Peace was most important.
 Some fiend sects even went as far as introducing new sect rules that were stricter than an orthodox sect.
 They were only short of sending disciples to accumulate merit and do good, upholding justice.
 This caused the fiend sect disciples to doubt their lives.
 Especially for some disciples who had just entered the sect, they felt that they had joined a fake fiend sect.
 …
Chapter 37: Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings Number One  
 Prosperity Palace. After Murong Taisheng received the news, he collapsed in his chair with an ugly expression.
 The thing he was most worried about had really happened. The Netherworld Demon Sect had really been eradicated.
 This was the same as breaking his arm, and it was his most muscular arm.
 His grand scheme would probably fail.
 He could not understand where this terrifying fellow had come from. And that he could actually destroy the entire Netherworld Demon Sect by himself.
 Naturally, Zhu Xiaotian was also baffled.
  Upon learning that the Netherworld Demon Sect had been destroyed, Zhu Xiaotian panicked again.
 Although this was what he ultimately hoped for, this was not the result under his control.
 He had been busy earlier, and now his efforts have gone to waste.
 The Jade Pure Dao Sect hadn’t done anything yet, and the Netherworld Demon Sect was  annihilated by the mysterious person.
 And where did that mysterious expert come from?
 There was no such person in his previous life!
 Zhu Xiaotian increasingly believed that somehow, there seemed to be a mysterious power competing with him. It had continuously deviated events from the timeline he was familiar with!
 Since that’s the case, I’ll proceed with this situation. I’ll first take Murong Xingqiao down, then think of a way to get my hands on the Reverse Scale Immortal Sword!  …
 In next to no time, the news of the Wolf King dying under a mysterious expert’s hands, the army’s retreat, and the doom of the Netherworld Demon Sect spread like wildfire in the Grand Xia Dynasty.
 It instantly caused a huge stir as the commoners spread the news and the entire country celebrated in jubilation.
 The good news made the citizens of the Great Xia Dynasty rejoice in the sweet rain after a long drought.
 Coincidentally, the grand annual Lantern Festival in Nan’an City was around the corner. It gave the people double the joy.
 The event was also integrated into stories filled with legends told by the storytellers.
 The mysterious expert was described as a god descended from the nine heavens and possessed three heads and six arms. He was a god that moved mountains and filled the seas.
 He became the hero and idol of many youths.
 However, the great hero whose heroics spread by word of mouth was roasting a whole lamb in the Daoist temple at the moment.
 “Wu Chang, the fire is too big. I didn’t ask for the lamb to be cremated. Can’t you control fire at this level as someone who plays with fire?” Li Yu’s complaint echoed through the temple.
     

 Wu Chang was crumbling inside.
 I am the profound fire born from heaven and earth—Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame. I had cultivated for a thousand years to reach the Soul Formation Realm.  My flames could incinerate Spirit Artifacts, causing cultivators below the Soul Formation Realm to instantly disappear from the world.  My fire can refine the best divine weapon and pill in the world.  And you only used my flames to roast lamb!  This brat.  When I become an immortal, I’ll roast you too…  “Hey, hey, what are you thinking about? It’s going to start burning!”
 “Ah? N-nothing. Young Master, I-I’m going to reduce my fire!” Wu Chang yielded immediately.
 At the moment, hundreds of craftsmen were busy with construction work while Tang Chi was in charge of the supervision of the project.
 “Senior Brother, Senior Brother, this is the procurement list. Come take a look!” Tang Chi walked over and handed the list to Li Yu.
 Li Yu only skimmed through it. They needed to purchase materials in large quantities, like wood and stone, for the temple’s construction.
 “Okay, it’s fine as long as you’re sure!” Li Yu trusted Tang Chi’s character.
 “Nice, then I’ll go to Qingyang City to purchase them in the afternoon!” Tang Chi replied.
 He was just about to leave when Li Yu suddenly stopped him. “Hold on, Junior Brother, take this Heavenly Spirit Pill too!”
 for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔 Li Yu took out the Heavenly Spirit Pill and handed it to Tang Chi.
 He originally planned to leave the Heavenly Spirit Pill to his father, but his father said it was useless for his injuries.
 It just so happened that he obtained an extremely precious Profound Life Fruit from the Netherworld Demon Sect this time, and it possessed a superb healing effect on his father’s injuries.
 At the moment, Li Qingyun had  consumed the Profound Life Fruit and was recovering in seclusion.
 “Huh, this is for me?” Tang Chi was stunned again. A Heavenly Spirit Pill was a top-class pill that would make any sect jealous.
 And his senior brother had actually given it to him!
 “Yep, Junior Brother. See that top ten on the Hidden Dragon Rankings? You better get up there!” Li Yu smiled.
 Since the system required the sect to have at least ten talented disciples, he might as well nurture his junior brother into a prodigy.
 Furthermore, he wanted Qingyun Sect to occupy the top ten of the Hidden Dragon Rankings in the future!
 “Thank you, Senior Brother! Thank you, Senior Brother!” Tang Chi was so excited that he almost cried. He stretched to embrace Li Yu.
 “Get lost!” Li Yu pushed Tang Chi away. He could not stand this guy who liked to hug him whenever he was worked up.
     

 “Okay!” Tang Chi replied. He was overjoyed as he hugged the Heavenly Spirit Pill.
 With this Heavenly Spirit Pill, he could cleanse his marrow and remodel his foundation to become a prodigy.
 Just the thought of it was thrilling. Coupled with the various pills his senior brother had given him, the top ten of the Hidden Dragon Rankings were not far away.
 …
 At the border of Qing Prefecture, an endless stream of merchants came and went between the Great Xia Dynasty and the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 Furthermore, as the Lantern Festival of the Great Xia Dynasty drew closer, there were clearly more people from the Xi Liang Dynasty entering the Great Xia Dynasty in recent days.
 Suddenly, a giant flying boat flew over, attracting the pedestrians’ attention on the main road.
 The flag of the Xi Liang Dynasty’s royal family was seen on the flying boat, flapping in the wind.
 A young man in luxurious clothing with a golden belt at his waist, and a jade hairpin on his head, stood at the boat’s bow with his hands behind his back.
 He was carrying a long sword on his back as he looked at the city in the distance with a sharp gaze.
 “We’re finally here!” the man said softly.
 He was ranked number one on the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Ranking, Ji Qinglan.
 He was also the Thirteenth Prince of the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 He was born with the Connate Sword Body, and his cultivation was extremely fast.
 In addition to the light from providence shining on him and the many opportunities, he had obtained. He had the remnant soul of a sword immortal, who had taught him top cultivation techniques and sword path divine powers.
 Therefore, at the age of eighteen, he was  at the mid-stage of the Golden Core Realm.
 His sword techniques were outstanding and had reached the acme of perfection. Coupled with the reverse scale immortal sword, he was confident that no one below the Nascent Soul realm was his match.
 Even in the entire Huaxia continent younger generation, he was definitely considered outstanding.
 Ever since the appearance of the Heavenly Dao Rankings, he had successively challenged the number one genius of the Hidden Dragon Rankings from other countries in the Huaxia Continent. And he defeated all of them.
 However, those so-called geniuses were unable to withstand three moves from him. In his opinion, they were undeserving of their reputation.
 His only challenge left now was the frail and unstable Great Xia Dynasty.
 In truth, he hadn’t thought highly of the Grand Xia Dynasty’s number one on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, Li Yu.
 After all, the Great Xia Dynasty had been dry in talent for nearly a hundred years. Extraordinary young elites were rarely born. This was a known fact among the various large countries.
 Therefore, in his opinion, the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings did not have any value to speak of.
 It was not until he heard that the number one person in the Great Xia Dynasty, Li Yu, actually had additional rewards.
 This displeased him.
 The first place on the Hidden Dragon Rankings of each country would similarly obtain the Heavenly Spirit Pill as a reward.
  He could not understand why Li Yu of the Great Xia Dynasty could obtain the additional reward.
 What ability did he have to deserve it? Could it be that the Heavenly Dao Rankings were helping the poor?
 Moreover, he heard that Li Yu was a nobody. It showed how exaggerated the rankings of the Grand Xia Dynasty were.
 Hence, using the Lantern Festival occasion, Ji Qinglan brought along the top ten geniuses of the various families and factions of the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 They traveled to the Great Xia Dynasty together and were prepared to let everyone witness what it meant to be the real number one on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 People would witness how extraordinary the geniuses of a powerful country were!
 And they would understand how lousy their country’s rankings were.
 …
    
Chapter 38: Changes in the Hidden Dragon Rankings  
 Inside the Qingyun Sect, Li Yu had just distributed the roasted lamb to the craftsmen.
 Two enormous flying spirit beasts flew over from the sky.
 Li Yu looked over curiously to see Ye Qiu and two other people.
 As the spirit beasts landed in the courtyard, three figures jumped down from them. There was an old man, a young man, and a middle-aged man.
 “Senior Brother, I trust you’ve been well since we last met!” Ye Qiu rushed over excitedly.
 After that, he introduced his grandfather, Ye Tianming, and his father, Ye Guxiong.
  “Master Li is truly remarkable. Nice to meet you!”
 “Hmm, you young man is indeed a dragon among men!”
 Ye Guxiong and Ye Tianming immediately sang praises, and Li Yu was dumbfounded.
 “Master Li, I would like to represent the millions of citizens of the Great Xia Dynasty to thank you!”
 “Since ancient times, heroes have always come from the young. It is the fortune of our Great Xia Dynasty to have a young and promising hero like you!”
 Li Yu finally understood the issue. It seemed like Ye Qiu had told Li Yu’s story to his family.
 “It’s not a big deal. Everyone is responsible for the country’s prosperity and decline. It’s not a big deal to me!” Li Yu said humbly.
 Ye Tianming and Ye Guxiong looked at Li Yu with admiration.
 This awareness was highly commendable!
 “Oh yes, is the sect master here?” Ye Guxiong asked.
 “He’s in seclusion,” replied Li Yu.
 “Grandfather, father, since I’ve reached here safely. You two should hurry back!” Ye Qiu hurriedly said.
 “Alright, young man, we shall meet again in the future!”
 “Farewell, sir!” Li Yu cupped his hands and sent Ye Tianming and Ye Guxiong off.
 After his grandfather and father left, Ye Qiu hurriedly explained, “Senior Brother, don’t worry. I know that you like to keep a low profile. You don’t want anyone to know that you killed the Wolf King and eliminated the Netherworld Demon Sect, so I’ve  instructed my grandfather and my parents not to tell anyone of your identity. They’ll surely keep this a secret!”
     

 “Eh?” Li Yu’s lips twitched.
 How could you tell that I like to keep a low profile?  However, Li Yu didn’t mind. He didn’t have any feelings for fame.
 Furthermore, he didn’t want to be a hero and become the center of attention either.
 That would be too tiring.
 His father had led a difficult life while carrying the name of the Divine Firmament Holy Land’s Holy Son.
 He could not even choose who to marry.
 Li Yu did not want to live such a tiring life.
 Moreover, because of the Hidden Dragon Rankings, trouble arrived endlessly.
 Therefore, wretched development was still important.
 “When will our master come out of seclusion?” Ye Qiu asked.
 “Tonight.”
 “Oh, yes, Senior Brother, I’ll give you the sect fee first!” Ye Qiu brought 1000 taels of silver and 200 spirit stones.
 Even though Li Yu  possessed the enormous wealth left behind by the Netherworld Demon Sect, the payment was still a token of appreciation from his junior brother, so he accepted it graciously.
 At night, Li Qingyun came out of seclusion. The Profound Life Fruit restored most of his meridians.
 Meanwhile, Ye Qiu had also completed the apprenticeship ceremony and officially became the third disciple of the Qingyun Sect.
 That night, on the Hidden Dragon Rankings of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Ye Qiu had  taken over third place on the Hidden Dragon Rankings from Gu Cangming, and his background information had changed.
 Hidden Dragon Rankings # 3: Ye Qiu
 Origin: That’s Quite a Large Sect
 This amendment attracted attention and alarmed many instantly.
 Ye Qiu was a somewhat famous young genius in the Great Xia Dynasty. Coupled with the Hidden Dragon Rankings, he was practically known by everyone.
 In a restaurant in Xilan City, a group of martial artists looked at the rankings in the night sky outside the window in surprise and discussed animatedly.
 “The Ye Family’s Ye Qiu entered That’s Quite a Large Sect!”
 “My word. Back then, Perfected Taiwu of the Jade Pure Dao Sect wanted to make an exception and accept him as a personal disciple, but he didn’t join. Why did he suddenly enter that small sect?”
 “Yeah, this choice of his is really hard to understand!”
     

 “Perhaps That’s Quite a Large Sect is pretty strong. After all, Li Yu is on the top of the Hidden Dragon Rankings!”
 “Hmm, maybe. But I feel that this choice isn’t wise!”
 The Elder of the Jade Pure Dao Sect’s Hall of Justice, Perfected Taiwu, looked at the Hidden Dragon Rankings in disappointment.
 He exclaimed somewhat disconsolately, “How could Ye Qiu join That’s Quite a Large Sect! I was thinking of a way to take him under my wing through our sect recruitment convention!”
 In the Eastern Palace, Murong Xingqiao also saw the changes in the Heavenly Dao Rankings. He couldn’t help but smile and say, “Ye Qiu is an interesting one!”
 At the same time, far away in the Tai Prefecture, Yi Caidie was leaning against the window of her room. Her hand supported her cheek while her beautiful eyes were filled with curiosity. “I wonder what kind of interesting things would happen between Ye Qiu and Li Yu!”
 “Does Ye Qiu really think that ‘That’s Quite a Large Sect’ is really a large sect?” The third prince, Murong Taisheng, had a mocking look on his face. “But this is good. I’ll find a chance to eliminate these two brats in one go!”
 The people from the various noble families were also shocked. They didn’t understand Ye Qiu’s choice.
 Although Ye Qiu’s talent was outstanding, resources were also essential besides talent and hard work in the path of cultivation.
 That’s Quite a large sect was only a little Daoist temple.
 From the shabby appearance of the sect and Li Yu’s greedy nature, one could tell how poor this Daoist temple was.
 If Li Yu could become the first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, he had probably emptied anything the small Daoist temple could offer.
 If Ye Qiu went there, where would he find the resources to support his cultivation?
 Any sect in the Great Xia Dynasty would be better than that small Daoist temple.
 “What is Ye Qiu thinking?” Zhu Xiaotian looked at the golden scroll list in the night sky and couldn’t understand.
 Even if Li Yu topped the Hidden Dragon Rankings, that didn’t mean that his sect was the best.
 Li Yu was an anomaly that could not be replicated.
 “Does Ye Qiu seriously think that he can become Li Yu just by entering that small Daoist temple? What a joke!” Zhu Xiaotian sneered.
 “Forget it. Why should I think about his own issues?!” Zhu Xiaotian shook his head. He turned around and returned to the Immortal Seeking Pavilion to enter seclusion.
 The night passed uneventfully.
 Early next morning, Zhu Xiaotian arrived at Nan’an City and went to the Eastern Palace to pay his respects to Crown Prince Murong Xingqiao.
 “Is His Majesty’s health getting better?” Zhu Xiaotian asked.
  “Sigh, each day is worse than the last. He did seem much better when he heard about the Wolf King’s death and the Netherworld Demon Sect’s doom. He could even get out of bed and walk around. But today, He’s bedridden again!” Murong Xingqiao sighed and said.
 She actually hoped that her father could recover and live for a few more decades.
 After all, she was not fond of the throne.
 If not for her mother, she would not be willing to disguise herself as a man and become the crown prince everyone knew.
 “I believe heaven helps those who are worthy, like His Majesty. Right, Your Highness, this is the Heavenly Vein Flower that my master found in the Netherworld Demon Sect after destroying it. It’s said to have a great suppressive effect on Your Majesty’s curse poison. I hope it can be of some help to Your Majesty’s illness!”
 Zhu Xiaotian took out a spirit plant from his storage magic treasure and handed it to Murong Xingqiao.
 “That mysterious expert is your master?” Murong Xingqiao looked at Zhu Xiaotian in shock.
 …
    
Chapter 39: Ye Qiu’s Rise Shocking Everyone  
 “That’s right. My master is a hidden expert. It’s also thanks to his guidance that I can achieve my current cultivation.
 “However, he had always kept a low profile and didn’t often stay in our Great Xia Dynasty. This time, I didn’t expect him to secretly attack too.
 “That day, I only casually told him about the current situation of the Great Xia Dynasty. I didn’t expect that he would really help us!” Zhu Xiaotian lied with a straight face.
 After learning of the events that day, he had decided to take the credit of this mysterious expert for himself and the Zhu family.
 No one knew who that mysterious expert was anyway. Moreover, he had secretly attacked and disappeared after that.
 He probably did not want anyone to know his true identity.
  Therefore, even if he lied, no one would know.
 This way, he could use the credit to make the Murong family indebted to him.
 It would allow his father and the Zhu family to obtain more power and status in the dynasty and strengthen their influence while deterring hostile factions.
 Of course, he could also improve his relationship with the Crown Prince. After all, Murong Xingqiao definitely hoped to obtain the support of this mysterious expert.
 “So that’s how it is. I didn’t expect the unknown expert would be Young Master Zhu’s master. I wonder if you can bring me to express my thanks to your master?” Murong Xingqiao looked surprised, but she was skeptical inside. After all, she would not listen to only one side of the story to determine the truth of the matter.
 Of course, she wouldn’t deny the possibility yet. What if Zhu Xiaotian wasn’t lying?
 “My master prefers peace and quiet, and he doesn’t want to be disturbed. Moreover, he’s  in seclusion since he had sustained injuries from the Netherworld Demon Sect! I hope that Your Highness can keep this a secret for me. It’s best not to let anyone know!” Zhu Xiaotian replied with a serious expression.
 “Mm, that’s normal. Then, I must ask Young Master Zhu to thank your master on behalf of my father and the citizens of the Great Xia Dynasty. In the future, if he needs the Great Xia Dynasty’s help, we will definitely not refuse!” Murong Xingqiao said.
 Soon, the lie that Zhu Xiaotian had painstakingly woven was spread intentionally.
 News spread in the imperial court of the Great Xia Dynasty, and even the various vassal families had heard of it.
 In the beginning, there might be some who were skeptical, but as this matter spread, it sounded like the truth.
 Everyone would rather believe it than not. People became more afraid of the Zhu family, especially those who were on the side of the Grand Commandant and were enemies of the prime minister.
 The Zhu family was  powerful. With such an expert backing them, no one could undermine their influence now.
 Those who understood the situation began to take sides. Many of them visited the Prime Minister’s estate and the Zhu family’s residence.
 For a while, the Zhu family was crowded and lively.
 Of course, this news also reached the Ye family.
 “Haha, I never expected that Zhu Xiaotian of the Zhu family would take Li Yu as his master. This is interesting. In that case, my son has become Zhu Xiaotian’s martial uncle!” Ye Guxiong laughed.
 “Yes, even Zhu Xiaotian has joined the Qingyun Sect. It seems that Qiu’er didn’t choose wrongly!” Yang Shengnan did not think much about it.
 After all, they were innocent people. How could they have known of Zhu Xiaotian’s wishful thinking?
 In the meantime, there was another version of the unknown expert’s identity circulating among the people.
 That mysterious expert was the Patriarch of the Five Elements Sect, who had disappeared for many years. He had returned from a mystic realm.
 He was the one who killed the Wolf King and eliminated the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 “It’s actually the Five Elements Sect’s missing Patriarch!”
 “Is that true? I heard that a peerless genius had once appeared in the history of the Five Elements Sect. He helped the Five Elements Sect shine for a time, and at its peak, it even surpassed the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 “However, not long after becoming the sect master, he vanished mysteriously. This happened five to six hundred years ago, yet he’s still alive!”
 “He probably increased his lifespan after breaking through during his time in the mystic realm. In fact, many people suspected the credibility of their claim at the beginning. Even the Jade Pure Dao Sect and the Great Sky Dao Sect thought something was fishy about this.
 “Regardless, the Five Elements Sect took out the head of Wolf King Tharman, which was the real deal. Even General Ye Guxiong, who had fought with Tharman many times, had confirmed it.
 “Plus, they say that the Five Elements Sect even brought out the manual of the ultimate technique of the Netherworld Demon Sect and a few magic treasures to prove it!”
 “In that case, it’s really the doing of the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch!”
 “It should be. Otherwise, who would have the ability to destroy the Netherworld Demon Sect!?”
  “But I heard that this was done by Zhu Xiaotian’s master too. Could his master be the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch?!”
 “Hey, when did Zhu Xiaotian take someone as his master?”
 “I don’t know about that. Probably became a disciple only recently.”
 “No wonder the Zhu family has been frequenting the Five Elements Sect these few days!”
 “The Five Elements Sect is going to rise up this time. With this incident, the status and influence of the Five Elements Sect will improve by leaps and bounds!”
 “That’s right. It’s said that His Majesty has also rewarded the Five Elements Sect with ten thousand gold! In recent times, the disciples of the Five Elements Sect are well treated wherever they go. Officials from all over the world treat them as distinguished guests and give them all kinds of privileges!”
 “Looks like the Five Elements Sect will definitely shine in the Hundred Sect Recruitment Assembly in a while too!”
 “Indeed!” In the Nan’an City restaurant, a group of martial artists discussed energetically.
 It was as these people had said, the Five Elements Sect had amassed countless praises, and their reputation had skyrocketed. It was just that everything was built on lies.
 The Zhu family, who had also fabricated lies, had reached a certain consensus with the Five Elements Sect and cooperated tacitly.
 Both had put on a show for their respective interests to make this falsehood more convincing.
 Hence, this matter spread like wildfire in the Great Xia Dynasty. The reputation of the Zhu family and the Five Elements Sect could be said to have reached an unprecedented height.
 This coincided with the quinquennial Hundred Sects Recruitment Assembly around the corner.
 Many young people, especially teenagers filled with admiration for the mysterious hero, had  changed their initial thoughts and decided to enter the Five Elements Sect.
 …
 On the other hand, a wave of excited cheers resounded from within the Qingyun Sect on the Nine-tailed Mountain.
 “I did it, I did it! Master, Senior Brother, I did it! I’ve entered the Aureate Body realm!”
 Ye Qiu shouted as he rushed into the main hall. He was so excited that his voice was trembling.
 After that day, Li Qingyun gave him some guidance according to Ye Qiu’s cultivation process.
 It benefited Ye Qiu greatly and even allowed him to discover some mistakes in his cultivation.
 Furthermore, Li Qingyun had also taught him a body tempering cultivation technique that was said to be at the immortal level. It was called the Brahma Saint True Demon Art.
 Although he only had only the first half, it still allowed Ye Qiu’s cultivation to advance rapidly.
 Li Qingyun’s cultivation had been crippled, and his memories of the Divine Firmament Holy Land’s cornerstone techniques had also been wiped.
 However, during his travels in the world, he charged through various mystic realms and immortal abodes and encountered many opportunities. He obtained many top-notch cultivation techniques in the process.
 This Brahma Saint True Demon Art was only one of them.
 Even though it was a demon art, the demonic path had superior body refinement techniques, and this Brahma Saint True Demon Art was the best of all.
 He knew that Ye Qiu possessed great potential for body tempering, and he had heard that the Ye family was upright and honest, with their hearts set on the people.
 Ye Qiu was also a good child with excellent conduct and a righteous heart.
 Therefore, he taught Ye Qiu the Brahma Saint True Demon Art, a cultivation technique that countless body cultivators would become crazy about.
 On top of that, Li Yu also gave some precious supplementary body refinement pills and spirit herbs he obtained from the Netherworld Demon Sect to Ye Qiu to assist in his cultivation.
  Ye Qiu’s talent was indeed monstrous. In less than five days, he had advanced from the late stage of the Body Tempering Realm to the Aureate Body Realm!
 If this were to spread, it would seriously make jaws drop.
 However, Li Yu and Ye Qiu didn’t know that at this moment, many people in the Great Xia Dynasty had their jaws dropped.
 Hidden Dragon Ranking #2: Ye Qiu
 Origin: That’s Quite a Large Sect
 When Ye Qiu’s cultivation broke through, his ranking on the Hidden Dragon Rankings surpassed Zhu Xiaotian and became second at the same time.
 In a short time, countless people in the Great Xia Dynasty were shocked and in an uproar.
 …
Chapter 40: Zhu Xiaotian’s Meltdown Again  
 “Ye Qiu… surpassed Zhu Xiaotian!”
 “My word! He only just entered that sect not long ago, and , he had surpassed Zhu Xiaotian. It seems that this small temple is not that simple!”
 “Perhaps it’s just a coincidence!”
 “How can there be so many coincidences! I heard that the Zhu Family’s Zhu Xiaotian has  broken through to the Golden Core realm not too long ago!”
 “Golden Core realm… then Ye Qiu is ranked second. He must have at least stepped into the Aureate Body realm!”
 “Tsk tsk, this is going to be interesting. The top two on the Hidden Dragon Rankings have been monopolized by that sect. This is really intriguing!” Countless cultivators discussed as they looked at the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
  The people from the various large families were equally shocked.
 They all knew the difference in cultivation between Ye Qiu and Zhu Xiaotian.
 Moreover, they had also heard that Zhu Xiaotian had just broken through to the Golden Core realm not too long ago.
 Meanwhile, Ye Qiu was only in the late stage of the Body Tempering Realm.
 No one expected him to surpass Zhu Xiaotian after joining That’s Quite a Large Sect.
 This meant that his cultivation had at least reached the Aureate Body realm.
 If anyone thought it was a coincidence, they were simply lying to themselves.
 “It has only been five days! Ye Qiu actually broke through to the Aureate Body realm directly from the late stage of the Body Tempering Realm? How is that possible?”
 “Unbelievable, this is simply too unbelievable!”
 “That sect really had something up their sleeves!”
 “I thought that Ye Qiu took the wrong medicine previously to actually enter such a small sect. Looking at it now, I’m afraid that we were wrong again!”
 “This little temple isn’t simple!” Besides feeling shocked, the members of the various clans were once again curious about this Daoist temple.
 “Hehe, this development is interesting. Looks like many people are going to be shocked. Li Yu’s sect always brings surprises!” Yi Caidie’s crystalline eyes were paired with a faint smile.
 Being able to nurture a peerless genius like Li Yu and that Ye Qiu had now surpassed Zhu Xiaotian, she knew very well it meant that there was more than meets the eye in that little temple.
 “Impossible, this! How is this possible!” Zhu Xiaotian looked at the Hidden Dragon Rankings. His name had switched places with Ye Qiu.
 He was about to split apart!
 He was even beginning to doubt his life.
 Had he lived his life in vain?
 Not only did he fail to secure his position on top like in his previous life, but he also could not even retain his second place!
 Zhu Xiaotian was well aware of the difference in their cultivation levels.
 Although he was talented, Ye Qiu’s cultivation was only at the late stage of the Body Tempering Realm. No matter how hard Ye Qiu worked, he shouldn’t reach the Aureate Body realm without three to five years.
 Unless he obtained a heaven-defying opportunity.
 “Is it really because he entered That’s Quite a Large Sect…”
 Zhu Xiaotian was unwilling to believe this fact.
 After all, he had previously mocked Ye Qiu’s foolish choice.
 In the end, Ye Qiu’s cultivation level had instantly surpassed him.
 This was simply a slap in the face, making his face burn with pain.
 The truth was right on the Heavenly Dao Rankings, so he had no choice but to believe it.
 At this time, the entire Zhu Family residence was in a fuss.
 The Zhu Family could not believe this fact either.
 After all, Zhu Xiaotian had stepped into the Golden Core Realm. How could Ye Qiu surpass Zhu Xiaotian so quickly?
 This was simply ridiculous!
 Sensing the crowd’s gaze, Zhu Xiaotian returned to the Immortal Seeking Pavilion quickly.
 He felt like he had lost all his face, especially in front of those people from the various families who came to visit the Zhu family. The thought of looking at a joke was practically written on their faces.
 After today, he believed that he would probably become the laughing stock of countless people over a cup of tea or after meals.
 I really got another chance to live just to become a laughing stock? I have failed miserably.  “No! I must reclaim second place!” Zhu Xiaotian gritted his teeth.
 If he could not return to second place, he would probably be too ashamed to face anyone outside.
 However, just as everyone was paying attention to Ye Qiu’s name, no one noticed that another person from the same sect had appeared at the 45th position.
 He was Tang Chi.
 “Junior Brother, you’re the best! To celebrate your advancement to the Aureate Body realm, I’ve decided to roast a few lambs for the feast!”
 At the moment Li Yu said this, Wu Chang almost dropped headfirst into the ground.
 “Thank you, senior brother. Although I know that Senior Brother and I are still worlds apart, I will follow your example and continue to work hard!” Ye Qiu said excitedly. This tremendous advancement allowed him to see his dream shining into reality.
 He seemed to have the possibility of following in his senior brother’s footsteps.
 “Oh yes, Father, can you write down all the cultivation techniques you know? In the future, it’ll be our Qingyun Sect’s ultimate technique!” Li Yu suggested.
 He knew nothing of the cultivation techniques his father had taught him in the past. Therefore, he did not know if they were real. He even suspected that his father had fabricated those earth-shattering stories and exploits that he had boasted about.
 However, he had previously confirmed that his father was the Holy Son of the Divine Firmament Holy Land. And now, his father had also helped Ye Qiu breakthrough in his cultivation.
 Li Yu could finally confirm that his father did have something up his sleeves.
 This way, his task of collecting cultivation techniques could be completed sooner.
 “Mm, wait until I have the time!” Li Qingyun said noncommittally.
 During dinner, Ye Qiu brought up the Lantern Festival that was about to begin in three days.
 “Oh yes, Senior Brother, isn’t our sect planning to recruit disciples? On the second day of the Lantern Festival in Nan’an City, the Hundred Sect Recruitment Assembly will be held in the Dao Seeking Square in the east city!
 “This is a large-scale recruitment event that only occurs every five years. Almost every sect in our Great Xia Dynasty will recruit new disciples, regardless of their size.
 “At that time, young elites from all over the country will gather there to seek opportunities to enter various sects!
 “Every year, there will be thousands of people present. It’s extremely crowded and lively. This is also a great opportunity for our sect to recruit disciples.” Ye Qiu said unceasingly.
 “Hmm, this isn’t a bad idea!” Li Yu’s brows raised.
 He naturally could not miss such a chance. The system mission required him to take in a thousand disciples.
 There were only three in his sect, and they were still far from his goal of 1000.
 Since there was such an opportunity, he had to take it.
 Furthermore, he had promised to pay the Crown Prince a visit. He would go there to validate his presence while he attended the recruitment.
 As they conversed, someone flew over on a flying magic treasure.
  Everyone looked over curiously and saw a bossy, haughty-looking man.
 “Is Li Yu here?” That person arrived in the air above the Daoist temple. He looked down at Li Yu and the others, his voice filled with arrogance.
 Li Yu frowned, wondering where this show-off came from.
 Make me look up to you while you act tough in front of me?  He immediately gave Wu Chang a look.
 With a wave of Wu Chang’s hand, a terrifying invisible force slapped the imperious guy down from above.
 Bang! He fell flat on his face.
 “What do you want?” Li Yu questioned coldly.


 Chapter 41: The Emergence of the Three Thousand Physique Rankings  That person got up awkwardly and looked at Li Yu unhappily, but he did not dare to lose his temper.
 Then, he casually threw over a letter and said coldly, “His Highness, Ji Qinglan, the number one on the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings, wishes to challenge those ranked in the top ten of the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings. Since the challenge letter has been delivered, you better not refuse!”
 With that said, that person sneered and flew off into the distance on his flying magic treasure again.
 “Crazy man!” Li Yu threw the challenge letter into the bonfire without a second look.
 After he became famous, all kinds of monsters and freaks came knocking on his door.
 Ye Qiu did not say anything seeing Li Yu burn the challenge letter.
 Although he was instantly filled with fighting spirit when he heard about the Xi Liang Dynasty’s top spot on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, he knew that his senior brother liked to keep a low profile.
  Moreover, in his opinion, not mentioning the first on the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings, even if the best of their country came, he was not Li Yu’s match.
 Still, Ye Qiu desired to spar with Ji Qinglan to see how good this number one young talent from the Xi Liang Dynasty was.
 The last ray of sunlight disappeared into the horizon.
 The night shrouded the land, making the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the sky above Nan’an City even more dazzling.
 Suddenly, the Golden Scroll in the sky trembled.
 Following that, invisible ripples spread in the sky.
 It instantly alarmed everyone as they looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings in surprise.
 A new name slowly floated up into appearance beside the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 3000 Physique Rankings!
 “Look, look, the Heavenly Dao Rankings is about to announce a new ranking!”
 “3000 Physique Rankings? What does that mean?”
 “It means possessing a special physique that surpasses ordinary people. Such people often have astonishing cultivation talent. Some even have powerful abilities derived from their special physique!”
 “This ranking should be targeted at these special physiques!”
 “Indeed. For example, Perfected Yu Hua of the Jade Pure Dao Sect has a metal spirit body that’s extremely powerful. There’s also Zhu Xiaotian of the Zhu family. Rumor has it that he has a Stellar Dao Body that can absorb the power of the stars in the sky and even control such power in the future!”
 “Interesting, interesting. Can’t believe there’s such a ranking!”
 “Let’s see what kind of prodigy will ascend to the 3000 Physique Rankings this time!”
 “Sigh, this is another game for the geniuses. We ordinary people can only be spectators!”
 “The younger generation shouldn’t be the only ones on the rankings this time. All age groups can definitely get on this ranking!”
 “That’s right. After all, people with special physiques are  rare.”
 As everyone discussed, a few rows of clear words appeared below the words “3000 Physique Rankings.”
 This ranking was the Great Xia Dynasty’s 3000 Physique Rankings.
     



 
 


















 Everyone in the Great Xia Dynasty had a chance to enter the rankings.
 There were a total of 20 people ranked who could obtain the Heavenly Dao’s reward!
 The rankings refreshed in real-time, and the rewards were only given once!
 …
 In the Zhu Family residence, Zhu Xiaotian was in his study, thinking of how he could obtain Ji Qinglan’s Reverse Scale Immortal Sword.
 This way, he could firmly take first place on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 The first place reward was extra tempting.
 He  knew that Ji Qinglan and the young elites of the Xi Liang Dynasty had arrived together and were preparing to challenge the Great Xia Dynasty top ten on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 He had also just received the challenge letter not too long ago.
 At this moment, a servant ran in. “Young Master, please look outside. A new ranking has appeared.”
 “What!!!” Zhu Xiaotian jumped up with an ugly expression as if he wanted to eat someone.
 His reaction gave the servant a fright.
 Why does he seem as if he had heard bad news!  Zhu Xiaotian panicked as he rushed out of the study.
 He clearly remembered that the Divine Weapon Rankings only appeared three months after the Hidden Dragon Rankings. How could it appear so soon?
 His plan had not even begun!
  Zhu Xiaotian rushed out of the study and looked at the sky with trembling eyes.
 “3000 Physique Rankings!” The surprise on his face intensified, though he heaved a sigh of relief in his heart.
 “Fortunately, it’s not the Divine Weapon Rankings. But, why would there be a Physique Rankings on the Heavenly Dao Rankings?”
 Zhu Xiaotian was surprised.
 In his previous life, this ranking did not appear.
 It was not until the Heaven Rankings was announced that there were rankings regarding physiques and bloodlines.
 Although he was surprised, Zhu Xiaotian could not bother thinking about the reasons.
 Too many things had gone against the flow of events in his previous life and beyond his expectations.
 He was almost used to it.
 Furthermore, when he saw the Physique Rankings, a trace of anticipation arose in his heart.
 “This time, I might have a chance to compete for first place!” Zhu Xiaotian’s eyes suddenly sparkled.
 Based on the rankings of the various physiques that he knew in his previous life, ignoring those extremely monstrous and freakish special physiques, he could roughly classify them into three levels: low, medium, and superior.
 In that case, his Stellar Dao Body could definitely be considered a superior physique.
 Not many people in the Great Xia Dynasty possessed a special physique, indicated by the mere 20 spots on the Physique Rankings.
     



 
 








 Therefore, according to his analysis and speculations, there was probably no one who could be ranked ahead of him.
 “I wonder what the reward for first place will be!” Zhu Xiaotian began to look forward to it.
 This might be a chance given to me by the Heavenly Dao to make up for not obtaining first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings. And so they added the Special Physique Rankings.  In an instant, Zhu Xiaotian regained the confidence he had not felt in a long time.
 Over this period, he had suffered blow after blow.
 Now, it must finally be over.
 I’m still the reborn son of heaven, after all!  Zhu Xiaotian was suddenly in a good mood, and a bright smile surfaced on his face.
 The corners of the servants’ mouths twitched when comparing how Zhu Xiaotian looked when he got the news.
 Is there something wrong with Young Master?  …
 In the Eastern Palace of the Great Xia Dynasty, the Crown Prince, Murong Xingqiao, was also looking at the rankings in the sky with a face filled with surprise. “There’s actually such a ranking?”
 “Your Highness, perhaps you can be on the Physique Rankings!” Grand Tutor Shen Qiuming said.
 “Me? No way. I don’t have any special physique!” Murong Xingqiao shook her head, although her gaze was filled with anticipation.
 “I’ve always felt that Your Highness’s natural endowments are absolutely extraordinary as if you possess some kind of special physique. It’s a pity that my ability is inferior, and my knowledge is limited to detect anything. I wonder what kind of physique you possess. Perhaps the Heavenly Dao Rankings can give me the answer this time!” Grand Tutor Shen Qiuming looked at the Hidden Dragon Rankings in the sky.
 He was also looking forward to it. He had a feeling that Murong Xingqiao must be extraordinary.
 “Does Old Shen really think so?” Murong Xingqiao’s heart was thumping. She naturally looked forward to knowing whether she possessed a special physique.
 “Mm, let’s wait and see!” Shen Qiuming also anticipated the announcement.
 …
 Nan’an City. A royal inn.
 Ji Qinglan and the four Xi Liang Dynasty elites ranked in the top ten of the Hidden Dragon Rankings gathered in the courtyard together and looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings with faces filled with surprise.
 A new ranking! A similar one should also appear in our Xi Liang Dynasty! According to Elder Nie, the Connate Sword Body I possessed is a powerful physique. I reckon it can at least rank in the top three!  Ji Qinglan thought to himself.
  “There are actually 20 spots. Are there really that many people with special physiques in the Great Xia Dynasty?” A cold-looking man remarked.
 “Yeah. I think only about 20 people in our Xi Liang Dynasty possessed special physiques!” Another person added.
 “Well, still, their rankings are probably the same as the Hidden Dragon Rankings. There’s nothing valuable about them. They’re probably just weaklings!”
 “Hahaha, that’s right, that’s right!”
 “If His Highness’s Connate Sword Body were placed in the Great Xia Dynasty, he would surely be the first!”
 “Of course, he’ll definitely be the first in our Xi Liang Dynasty!”
 “Yeah, that must be the case. The Connate Sword Physique is a supreme physique. It’s definitely number one!” As the few young elites discussed, they did not forget to flatter Ji Qinglan.
 …
    
Chapter 42: Resentment from Ordinary People  Disciples in the Jade Pure Dao Sect were crazed about the new rankings as they talked animatedly.
 “There are only 20 places. The competition this time is intense!”
 “It might be the opposite. People with special physiques are  one in a million, so they are definitely rare. These 20 spots are probably enough to include everyone in the Great Xia Dynasty with a special physique!”
 “That’s right. At the very most, there are probably only 20 in the Great Xia Dynasty who have a special physique!”
 “In that case, our sect master’s Metal Spirit Body, our Eldest Senior Brother’s Vast Spirit Body, Elder Taiwu’s Heavenly Constellation Body, Elder Nihan’s Ice Soul Body, and Junior Brother Lin’s Pure Yang Body can all be ranked! Our sect can occupy at least a quarter of the rankings this time!”
 “Mm. Sect Master’s Metal Spirit Body can definitely rank in the top three!”
 “He might even rank first!”
  “Hey, do you think that Li Yu also has a special physique?”
 “You don’t say. Otherwise, how could he have such powerful capability at that age!”
 “But what rank will he be? It can’t be first again, right?”
 “I don’t think so. He got to give others a chance!”
 “I think Zhu Xiaotian from the Zhu family might come first this time. I heard from the sect master that he has a Stellar Dao Body. It’s an extraordinary physique that’s much stronger than the Five Elements Spirit Physiques!”
 “Sigh, we’re not fated to enter the Physique Rankings!”
 “The Heavenly Dao Rankings is the stage for geniuses. Ordinary people like us can only look up to it!”
 “Yeah, that’s why those geniuses are favored by heaven and earth. Ordinary people like us were born to be their supporting cast!”
 “Sigh, I suddenly don’t want to work hard anymore. I feel that no matter how much I cultivate, I will never catch up to those geniuses!”
 Some disciples began to develop negative emotions.
 In front of the Clear Jade Hall, Perfected Yu Hua and the elders observed the newly appeared rankings with surprised expressions.
 “I wonder what kind of surprise the rankings will bring this time!” Perfected Yu Hua said with a smile.
 “Hmm, I’m looking forward to seeing what kind of reward we’ll get this time!” an old man with a frosty expression commented.
 Some white mist kept coming out of his mouth as he spoke.
 “Mister Ni Han, can you keep your distance from us? I’m afraid of the cold!” A short but muscular old man with white hair shouted.
 He was the martial arts body cultivating expert of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, Perfected Taiwu.
 “Humph, isn’t it shameful for a martial arts body cultivator to be afraid of the cold? I say, Old Man Taiwu, you’ve always said that your Heavenly Constellation Body is more powerful than my Ice Soul Body. Today, with the Heavenly Dao Rankings rankings, I’d like to see who’s better!”
 “Humph, needless to say, it’ll be my Heavenly Constellation Body!”
 “We’ll see!”
 The appearance of the 3000 Physique Rankings shook the Great Xia Dynasty again.
 Various large families and countless commoners focused on the rankings, curious about who would enter the top 20 and what rewards they would get.
 Furthermore, the golden scroll of the Heavenly Dao Rankings appeared in more areas.
 Even Luo Water Town’s Nine-tailed Mountain and the borders of the Great Xia Dynasty could view the rankings.
 “Eh? We can see the Heavenly Dao Rankings here too?” Li Yu and the others’ gazes were attracted by the golden scroll that surfaced in the sky.
 “It’s true. Hey, Senior Brother, look. I’m actually in second place. Ahahahaha, I’m in second place!” Ye Qiu immediately saw his own ranking.
 Li Yu also noticed it when he heard Ye Qiu.
 Wow, Ye Qiu’s ranking rose after his cultivation broke through.  But…  “Why hasn’t our sect’s name changed?” Li Yu felt a headache as he looked at the sect’s name on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 “I think a new ranking has appeared. It’s the 3000 Physique Rankings!” Li Qingyun remarked.
 As soon as he said that, Li Yu, Ye Qiu, Tang Chi, and Wu Chang’s eyes gathered on the new rankings.
 “There’s such a ranking? Interesting… but I’m afraid I won’t have the chance this time. But Senior Brother will definitely be able to get on this ranking,” commented Ye Qiu.
 “Me? I have the physique of a normal person. I have no chance on this ranking!” Li Yu waved his hand.
 He knew his place.
 If he had the system as a cheat, he would definitely be invincible in this era.
 However, he did not have any special physique.
 He only had an ordinary physique.
 However, Li Yu had a good attitude.
 Although the new rankings had nothing to do with him, he was eager to see which special physiques would appear on the scroll this time.
 “That can’t be. Senior Brother is so strong. How could you not have a special physique! Master, what do you think?” Ye Qiu looked at Li Qingyun.
 Li Qingyun spread his hands. “Your senior brother is right. He does not have any special physique!”
 “Really?” Ye Qiu was a little disappointed.
  If Li Yu did not have a special physique and could still be so freakish, that would be too unbelievable.
 “Hey, let’s see if we can find some prospects this time. When the time comes, we’ll think of a way to recruit them into our sect!” Li Yu said with a smile.
 Then, he lay on the chair with his legs crossed as if he was waiting for the show to begin.
 “Mm, in that case, the Physique Rankings should be able to discover some hidden geniuses!” Ye Qiu nodded.
 “Look, it’s starting!” Li Yu looked at the first name appearing on the rankings while in high spirits.
 Physique Rankings # 20: Spiritual Jade Body
 Owner of Physique: Yao Meiyu
 Origin: Star Dou Sect
 Reward: One Beauty Retaining Pill
 Physique Rankings # 19: Iron Bone Body
 Owner of Physique: Wu Gang
 Origin: Five Elements Sect
 Reward: One bottle of Metal Spirit Liquid.
 Physique Rankings # 18: Body of Poison
 Owner of Physique: Du Zhizhu
 Origin: Million Sins Sect
 Reward: One bottle of Antidote Pill
 “???”
 “Hahahaha…”
 When they saw the reward for eighteenth place, countless people immediately roared with laughter.
 Body of Poison rewarded with a bottle of antidote pills.
 Was the Heavenly Dao Rankings afraid that this person would somehow poison himself to death?
 “Oh my, I’m dying of laughter! I wonder if one bottle of antidote is enough!”
 “Is the scroll serious with this reward?”
 “Wow, the reward is not bad!”
 “I really want to know how this brother feels right now!”
 “He might even be glad!”
 Physique Rankings # 17: Ruling Spirit Body
 Owner of Physique: Song Qingzhu…
 As the rankings were announced, strands of golden light carried the rewards of the Heavenly Dao as they flew into the distance.
 People from the various sects took turns to enter the rankings…
 Physique Rankings # 12: Vast Spirit Body
 Owner of Physique: Chu Changqing
 Origin: Jade Pure Dao Sect
 Reward: Heaven-tier cultivation technique, Vast True Essence Art
 “My God, the twelfth place is  rewarded with a heaven-tier cultivation technique. Does this mean that immortal-tier rewards are coming up?”
 “And anyone can tell that it’s a cultivation technique tailored for the Vast Spirit Body. The Heavenly Dao Rankings are really considerate!”
 “A heaven-tier cultivation technique? Even the Jade Pure Dao Sect doesn’t have many, right?”
 “Yeah, the Heavenly Dao Rankings rewards are too tempting!”
 “The Heavenly Dao is really unfair. These geniuses were born with extraordinary physiques. Now that they’re given all kinds of cultivation techniques and pills, how are we supposed to catch up!?”
 “That’s right. Their cultivation speed is  fast. Now that they have a perfect cultivation technique that complements their physiques, their strength will double up in no time!”
 “We ordinary cultivators are not fit to live in this world!”
  “I won’t believe in nonsense about hard work making up for one’s lack of talent anymore. No matter how hard we work, we will never reach the Heavenly Dao Rankings!”
 Countless cultivators looked at the rewards of the Heavenly Dao Rankings and felt increasingly bitter.
 They were jealous!
 Comparisons are odious.
 Those born with an extraordinary physique were  dragons among men.
 And now, they could obtain the rewards of the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 This caused many ordinary cultivators to become slightly unhinged.
 …
Chapter 43: Surprise Indeed  
 # 11: Heavenly Constellation Body
 Owner of Physique: Perfected Taiwu
 Origin: Jade Pure Dao Sect
 Reward: Heaven-tier cultivation technique, Black Emperor Tyrant Art
 “Hahaha, Old Man Taiwu, it seems that your physique is inferior to mine!” Seeing Perfected Taiwu’s physique on the rankings, Perfected Nihan immediately laughed loudly.
 He was well aware that his physique had not been announced yet, so he must be ahead of Perfected Taiwu.
  “What are you so proud of? You might not even be on the ranking!” Perfected Taiwu said indignantly.
 However, when he saw the rewards of the Heavenly Dao Rankings, he was rather happy.
 It was a heaven-tier cultivation technique! With that, his cultivation and strength would definitely improve to another level.
 Of course, Perfected Yu Hua was also happy.
 His sect’s five people with special physiques should be on the list.
 These five rewards could create five peerless experts in the future.
 This was really a massive opportunity bestowed by the Heavenly Dao.
 “Tch, how is that possible? Look, isn’t he here ?” As Perfected Nihan spoke, the tenth place on the rankings had  been announced.
 # 10: Ice Soul Body
 Owner of Physique: Perfected Nihan
 Origin: Jade Pure Dao Sect
 Reward: Heaven-tier Divine Power “Great Frost Art”
 # 9: Pure Yang Body
 Owner of Physique: Lin Chen
 Origin: Jade Pure Dao Sect
 Reward: Heaven-tier divine power, Nine Suns Supreme Art
 “Junior Brother Lin’s physique is actually ranked ninth!”
 “Wow, that’s awesome!”
 “Congratulations, Junior Brother Lin!”
 “Congratulations, Senior Brother Lin!”
 All the disciples congratulated Lin Chen.
 Lin Chen was also unable to contain his joy at the moment. He was surprised that his physique was even better than the two elders.
 However, if only he could be ranked higher, his rewards might be better.
 Perhaps there was really an immortal-tier reward.
 Right at that moment, a golden light flew over from the Heavenly Dao Rankings and fused into the spot between Lin Chen’s brows.
 It instantly transformed into information that fused into his sea of consciousness as if it was an original memory.
 # 8: Mystic Thunder Body
 Owner of Physique: Perfected Qiong Feng
 Origin: Great Sky Dao Sect
 Reward: Heaven-tier cultivation technique, Thunder Immortal Transformation
 # 7: Metal Spirit Body
 Owner of Physique: Perfected Yu Hua
 Origin: Jade Pure Dao Sect
 Reward: Heaven-tier cultivation technique, Profound Golden Light Scripture
 “Wow…”
 The disciples of the Jade Pure Dao Sect were buzzing in commotion.
 “Sect Master’s metal spirit body is only ranked seventh?”
 “There are six people in front of him!”
 “Other than Zhu Xiaotian, there are still five people ranked ahead of our sect master. Who could these five be?”
 Countless disciples discussed fervently. They knew that Perfected Yu Hua’s metal spirit body was likely not number one, but they did not expect him to only rank seventh.
 Furthermore, some of the known big shots in the Great Xia Dynasty with special physiques were  announced on the rankings.
 “Could there be five more undiscovered people?”
 “Look, the sixth place is out!”
 # 6: Overlord Blood Body (not awakened)
 Owner of Physique: Ye Qiu
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: Heaven-tier cultivation technique, Divine Dragon Overlord Art. Top-grade spirit pill—Dragon Strength Pill bottle
 “This sixth place is actually Ye Family’s Ye Qiu!”
 “And this physique hasn’t awakened yet? It’s indeed a physique that hasn’t been discovered!”
 “No wonder Ye Qiu could rank second on the Hidden Dragon Rankings. He’s really not an ordinary person!”
 “Am I the only one who realized that Ye Qiu has two rewards?”
 “Yeah, two rewards! On what basis! And they’re top-grade spirit pills! The Heavenly Dao Rankings are a little biased!”
 The disciples of the Jade Pure Dao Sect continued to discuss.
 Perfected Taiwu, who was in front of the Clear Jade Hall, was on the verge of tears.
 “Ye Qiu, oh Ye Qiu, why didn’t you want to take me as your master back then!”
 He  suspected that Ye Qiu was not an ordinary boy. Undoubtedly, this boy had a special physique.
 It was a pity that Ye Qiu was arrogant and even rebellious back then. He was unwilling to be bound by the sect’s rules, so he did not take him as his master.
 Otherwise, Perfected Taiwu would have another genius disciple under him now!
 The Ye family of Nan’an City was also pleasantly surprised to see Ye Qiu on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 “My son is on the rankings again. An Overlord Blood Body. My son is indeed extraordinary!” Ye Guxiong said proudly.
 “Haha, this good grandson of mine really gives our family face!” Ye Tianming also laughed heartily.
 In Qingyun Sect, however, Ye Qiu was somewhat dumbfounded.
 “I’m on the rankings?” Ye Qiu really did not expect himself to have the Overlord Blood Body. He was a little dumbfounded for a moment.
 “Holy shit, Junior Brother, you’re really on the rankings! You’re sixth! Not bad!” Li Yu jumped up from his chair in surprise.
 He did not expect there to be a surprise on the rankings tonight.
 “It’s impossible to tell before this Tyrant Blood Body awakens. It’s something in between the power of bloodline and special physique. After you awaken the Tyrant Blood Body, your body will change accordingly. By then, your strength will improve greatly,” Li Qingyun explained.
 “Um, Master, then how can I awaken it?” Ye Qiu asked with anticipation.
 Right then, two golden lights flew over from the Heavenly Dao Rankings. One of them fused into Ye Qiu’s mind, and the other turned into a jade bottle that fell into Ye Qiu’s hand.
 “The cultivation techniques and pills rewarded by the Heavenly Dao Rankings will help you awaken that physique!” Li Qingyun replied with a smile.
 New words continued to emerge on the rankings, and a familiar name appeared.
 # 5: Stellar Dao Body
 Owner of Physique: Zhu Xiaotian
 Origin: Zhu Family
 Reward: Heaven-tier divine power, Seven Star Sword Art. One bottle of Star Spirit Liquid
 “Fifth!” Zhu Xiaotian’s pupils trembled.
 It was simply unbelievable!
 His Stellar Dao Body was only ranked fifth.
 Based on the current rewards, it was a reward that complemented his physique.
 However, this placing was slightly beyond his expectations.
 Who were the other four people in front?
 Even if he supposed that Murong Xingqiao has a powerful special physique and rank above him, what about the other three?
 for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔 Even if Li Yu somehow got up there, there were still two left.
 Zhu Xiaotian was not the only one surprised.
 In fact, many people in the Great Xia Dynasty were shocked.
 Even his Stellar Dao Body could only rank fifth.
 The 3000 Physique Rankings were really intriguing!
 “I wonder who the top four will be!”
 “The rankings are getting more and more interesting!”
 “I didn’t expect our Great Xia Dynasty to be filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons! Even the Stellar Dao Body can only rank fifth!”
 “More hidden geniuses are probably going to be exposed soon!”
 At this moment, everyone’s curiosity was piqued.
  Who could be in the top four?
 In the royal inn, Ji Qinglan’s expression slowly turned solemn.
 He did not know much about those special physiques.
 However, the remnant soul of the sword immortal—Elder Nie—remarked that there was indeed something exceptional on the Great Xia Dynasty’s 3000 Physique Rankings.
 Elder Nie was also shocked, especially when he saw that the Stellar Dao Body was only ranked fifth.
 According to Elder Nie, although the Stellar Dao Body was not as good as the Connate Sword Body, it was not too far off.
 Such a physique was only ranked fifth in a small place like the Great Xia Dynasty. This was truly unexpected.
 …
Chapter 44: We Must Find This Child  
 “Looks like the top few on the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings all relied on special physiques to get up there!”
 “That’s right. Without special physiques, their Hidden Dragon Rankings would probably be more exaggerated!”
 “Humph, so what if they have unique physiques? They’re still inferior to us!”
 The young elites of the Xi Liang Dynasty scorned with disdain.
 However, they were still jealous.
 After all, everyone hoped to be that most unique person.
  Although they were in the top ten of the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings, they were all ordinary physiques apart from Ji Qinglan.
 However, a special physique did not necessarily dictate the quality of one’s cultivation talent.
 A person’s potential was equally important. Therefore, although they did not have a special physique, they were still dragons and phoenixes among men.
 “Look, the fourth place is out!”
 “Murong Xingqiao? The Crown Prince of the Great Xia Dynasty!” Ji Qinglan frowned a little when he saw the rankings.
 # 4: Profound Essence Spirit Body (not awakened)
 Constitution Owner: Murong Xingqiao
 Origin: The Royal Family of the Great Xia Dynasty
 Reward: Heaven-tier cultivation technique, Profound Mixed Essence Technique, Holy Spirit Pill.
 “I… I really got on the rankings!” Murong Xingqiao looked at the rankings in disbelief, her eyes filled with excitement.
 “Congratulations, Your Highness! Your Highness is indeed extraordinary!” Shen Qiuming bowed and cupped his fists excitedly.
 He was also surprised. Even though he knew Murong Xingqiao might enter the rankings, he did not expect the crown prince to be ranked fourth.
 And it was even better than Zhu Xiaotian’s Stellar Dao Body.
 “Profound Essence Spirit Body!” Murong Xingqiao was surprised and delighted.
 Although she felt hopeful after what Grand Tutor Shen told her previously, she really did not expect to have a special physique. And it ranked fourth as well.
 This was enough to prove how extraordinary this physique was.
 Of course, what made her happier was the Heavenly Dao reward.
 With this Heaven-tier cultivation technique and that pill, her strength could improve even faster.
 In this world where the strong reigned supreme, strength was everything.
 In the face of absolute power, schemes, plots, and power struggles would become meaningless.
 In the Qi King’s Wei family, all the elders looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings with faces filled with surprise.
 “The Crown Prince is actually ranked fourth!”
 “Profound Essence Spirit Body? I didn’t expect that the Crown Prince had such an extraordinary physique!”
 “It seems that His Highness is really the chosen son of the heavens, the chosen emperor!”
 “Exactly. His Majesty must have had a reason for insisting on making the son of a concubine, without any background, the Crown Prince!”
 “His Majesty has good judgment!”
 “If Murong Xingqiao really rises above the rest, he will lead the Great Xia Dynasty to new heights. The country’s fate will be prosperous!”
 “Cang’er, go and take out the Purple Chestnut Wood from my collections. I need you to personally send it to the Crown Prince to congratulate him tomorrow!”
 “Yes, Father!”
 Inside the Prosperity Palace, Murong Taisheng’s expression became extremely gloomy. He never imagined that Murong Xingqiao would actually get on the rankings again.
 And it was ranked that high.
 Once this Profound Essence Spirit Body awakened, with the help of the heaven-tier cultivation technique and the Holy Spirit Pill, his cultivation realm would probably soar.
 The fact that he was ranked sixth on the Hidden Dragon Rankings and fourth on the 3000 Physiques Rankings would bring him incredible prestige and influence.
 The various vassal families and factions were opportunists who acted according to the situation.
 After Murong Xingqiao entered the Heavenly Dao Rankings twice and obtained Heavenly Dao rewards in succession, more and more factions would turn to support him.
 “Damn it, this situation is getting worse!” Murong Taisheng felt coldness brewing inside!
 As countless people were shocked by Murong Xingqiao’s appearance on the rankings, a new name appeared on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 # 3: The Great Expanse Dao Body
 Owner of Physique: Su Mu
 Origin: Mo Prefecture’s Feng City’s Su Family
 Reward: Low-grade immortal cultivation technique, Nine Pure Immortal Light Scripture. One Dao Fate Pill.
  “Wow…”
 As the third place on the Physique Rankings was announced, the entire Jade Pure Dao Sect was in an uproar.
 “A low-grade immortal technique! My word, the reward for third place is low-grade immortal-tier!”
 “On what basis? It was all heaven-tier cultivation techniques previously. Why is his reward an immortal level technique!”
 “This reward is too much. It’s immortal-tier! Our Jade Pure Dao Sect only has one incomplete immortal level technique!”
 “Who is this Su Mu? Why have I never heard of him before?”
 “Feng City’s Su family? I’ve never heard of this family!”
 “It’s probably a small family. It’s normal that we have never heard of it. I’m afraid another hidden prodigy has appeared!”
 “Our Great Xia Dynasty is really filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. There’s Li Yu on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, and now there’s Su Mu on the Physique Rankings!”
 “This reward is too appealing!” The disciples of the Jade Pure Dao Sect discussed animatedly.
 Perfected Yu Hua, Perfected Taiwu, and the other elders were also shocked.
 “There’s really an immortal-tier reward!”
 “The Great Expanse Dao Body… We do have a surprise on the Heavenly Dao Rankings. To think that our Great Xia Dynasty has such a powerful physique hidden all along!”
 “His name isn’t on the Hidden Dragon Rankings. He must be over thirty years old, or he’s still young and hasn’t started cultivating!”
 “The latter is more likely. If Su Mu was older with such a physique, it’s impossible for us to not know.”
 “Elder Hu, quickly bring people to the Mo Prefecture’s Feng City to investigate this person. If he’s really a young prodigy, do your best to recruit him into our Jade Pure Dao Sect!” Perfected Yu Hua said excitedly.
 He was well aware that a prodigy with such a special physique would surely have limitless potential in the future.
 Furthermore, the Heavenly Dao Rankings reward was a low-grade immortal-tier technique!
 It was too alluring!
 If they could take this child under his wing, they might be able to have this low-grade immortal technique as the sect’s ultimate technique through him.
 The overall strength of the Jade Pure Dao Sect would surely improve further with this immortal technique and advance into one of the top sects on the Huaxia Continent.
 Furthermore, the name of the Nine Pure Immortal Light Scripture matched their sect pretty well.
 Of course, countless sects in the Great Xia Dynasty had the same idea as Perfected Yu Hua at this moment. And the various sects had begun another race against time to recruit talent.
 Meanwhile, Su Mu was in a small village on the border of Jing Prefecture and Mo Prefecture.
 He lay on a pile of grass and wolfed down the fruits he had just stolen from someone’s vegetable plantation.
 He was a 15-year-old youth with disheveled hair and a dirty face. He was emaciated, and his clothes were tattered to the point he seemed like a beggar.
 Su Mu used to have a happy family and lived a fulfilling and happy life every day.
 His parents ran a restaurant in Feng City, and his family was considered well-to-do.
 He also had two doting older sisters at home in a harmonious and warm family.
 However, all these were destroyed because of the Netherworld Demon Sect and the Wolf King Clan.
 His parents and family had all died under the blades of the Wolf King Clan.
 His friends and companions had all died miserably.
 The home he was so familiar with had also been reduced to ruins by the Wolf King’s cavalry.
 His wonderful life, his beautiful family, everything he cherished had been destroyed.
 As for him, who was lucky enough to survive, he could only hide inside the ruins and struggle for his life while being on tenterhooks.
 He could be discovered and killed by the Wolf King’s clansmen who were plundering the city at any moment.
 Hatred and fear filled his heart.
 Pain and despair dictated his life.
 He had thought that he would either die under the blade of the Wolf King’s clan or starve to death in the ruins sooner or later.
 However, he never imagined that a mysterious expert would appear and kill the Wolf King, drive off the Wolf King’s army, and eliminate the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 That expert saved the Mo Prefecture from misery and saved his life.
  He survived and finally walked out of those ruins.
 As for the mysterious expert, he had become an unrivaled hero in his heart and his savior.
 Later on, he heard that this expert was the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch, and he also learned about the Hundred Sects’ recruitment.
 Therefore, he headed south from the Mo Prefecture. He begged along the way while traveling towards Nan’an City.
 He hoped to enter the Five Elements Sect during the Hundred Sects Recruitment Assembly.
 Even if he ended up as a servant disciple, it would still be a form of repayment to his savior.
 This was his reason to live, the only hope that kept him going.
 …
Chapter 45: This is Humiliation  
 Su Mu never imagined he would become third on the 3000 Physique Rankings.
 The moment he saw his name, Su Mu could not believe it was the reality.
 It was not until the two golden lights flew over from the Heavenly Dao Rankings, one fusing into the spot between his brows and the other landing in his hand. He finally believed that miracles do exist.
 After he completely comprehended the Nine Pure Immortal Light Scripture, his gaze became incomparably bright, like the stars in the sky.
 Confidence surfaced on his face.
 He would definitely have no problem entering the Five Elements Sect with such a powerful physique.
  However, before that, he had to conceal his identity.
 He would find a deserted place to consume this Dao Fate pill to improve his strength.
 Su Mu knew very well that a man’s wealth is his ruin by itself. He had definitely become the meat in the eyes of countless people.
 Therefore, before he entered the Five Elements Sect and obtained the protection of a large sect, he could not expose his identity and whereabouts.
 He looked around. Fortunately, the small village was quiet at night.
 Other than a dog’s barking, no one could be seen. Thus no one noticed that he had obtained the Heavenly Dao Rankings reward.
 However, he could not stay here anymore.
 He quickly put away the pill and ran into the distance.
 He had to find a safe place to hide first.
 …
 “There are only two left. The rewards from the Heavenly Dao must be immortal techniques as well. If not for the appearance of the Heavenly Dao Rankings, there probably wouldn’t be so many immortal techniques in our Great Xia Dynasty at once!”
 “Yeah, I feel like more undiscovered prodigies are about to be unearthed!”
 “I wonder if Li Yu is amongst them!”
 “Mm, this kid is ranked first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings. He’s still so young, so he might really possess some sort of powerful physique!”
 “Hey, look. The second place!”
 Amidst the anticipation and discussion of countless people, information about second place appeared on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 # 2: Connate Sword Body
 Owner of Physique: Ji Qinglan
 Origin: Royal Family of the Xi Liang Dynasty
 Reward: Low-grade immortal cultivation technique, Heart of the Sword Art. One Sword Heart Fruit
 “What…”
 The moment Ji Qinglan’s name appeared, the Jade Pure Dao Sect, the Great Sky Dao Sect, the Five Elements Sect, the various sects, royal families… As well as countless people who were paying attention to the rankings erupted with disbelief.
 Their faces were filled with shock!
 “Ji Qinglan, why did someone from the Xi Liang Dynasty get onto our Great Xia Dynasty’s rankings!”
 “Yeah, what’s going on!”
 “And he’s in second place? What’s on earth is happening!”
 “Is there a mistake with the Heavenly Dao Rankings?”
 “For real, why would someone from the Xi Liang Dynasty be on our Great Xia Dynasty’s rankings!”
 “Why is he in second place? Why is he on our rankings?!”
 “Is it because he’s currently in our Great Xia Dynasty now? Look, isn’t it written on the Heavenly Dao Rankings? Everyone in the Great Xia Dynasty has a chance to enter the rankings. In other words, it doesn’t differentiate between the countries they belong to!”
 “Then wouldn’t that mean he could obtain two rewards!”
 “Probably not. If he’s in our Great Xia Dynasty now, he should not be on the Xi Liang Dynasty’s rankings!”
 “Mm, that should be the case!”
 “The second place is actually from Xi Liang. How f*cking ironic!”
 Just as countless people were baffled, an annotation appeared on the Heavenly Dao Rankings:
 As Ji Qinglan is currently in the territory of the Great Xia Dynasty, he is included in this ranking. Rewards are only given once. No repeat appearance on another region’s ranking.
 Upon seeing the annotations on the Heavenly Dao Rankings, everyone understood the situation.
 However, they were still greatly displeased.
 The second-place they anticipated was actually someone from Xi Liang.
 This was simply a form of humiliation.
 Moreover, if Ji Qinglan entered the ranking, it would be equivalent to snatching a spot in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 This is another form of invasion!  “Damn, why isn’t this fellow staying put in the Xi Liang Dynasty? What is he doing here?”
 “I heard that he’s here to challenge the top ten of the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings. Apparently, Lin Chen, Zhu Xiaotian, and the others have received challenge letters!”
 “I’ve heard of it too. Ji Qinglan’s strength is extraordinary. It’s said that he has  consecutively defeated the number one on the Hidden Dragon Rankings of many countries and has never tasted defeat!”
 “Ji Qinglan is actually that strong!”
 “Yeah. The Connate Sword Body is the strongest physique for a sword cultivator. It’s a body designed to slaughter. When he executes the same sword technique divine art, its power will be multiple times that of others. Is that not powerful enough?! Looking at the Heavenly Dao Rankings proves everything!”
 “Ugh, although I’m unwilling to admit it, it seems that Ji Qinglan’s strength is indeed terrifying!”
 In Nan’an City’s royal inn, the elites of the Xi Liang Dynasty laughed hysterically.
 “This is amusing. Our prince has actually made it onto their rankings. Congratulations, our prince is the best!”
 “Your Highness is undoubtedly powerful enough to be ranked second in the physique rankings. Those people from the Great Xia Dynasty must be dumbfounded now!”
 “Haha, the Crown Prince of the Great Xia Dynasty must be losing face. He’s only fourth place, and his reward is only a heaven-tier cultivation technique. While in second place, His Highness’s reward is an immortal technique! The difference is self-evident!”
 “That Murong Xingqiao is not worthy of comparison with our Highness! His Highness is the first on the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings. If that crown prince goes to our Xi Liang Dynasty, he probably won’t even enter the top ten!”
 “Hehe, that’s what I’m talking about. The Heavenly Dao Rankings will reveal this fact to the public and let the people of the Great Xia Dynasty see the difference between them and us!”
 “I really want to see the expressions of those people from the Great Xia Dynasty right now!”
 “Keep your voices down. Don’t forget that we’re still in their territory. Don’t say those useless things!” Ji Qinglan said.
 There was no joy on his face. Instead, he looked grim.
 He was surprised that he had entered the Great Xia Dynasty’s rankings.
 However, he was not satisfied with the second place.
 There’s actually someone in the Great Xia Dynasty whose physique is superior to mine?  Let me see who this person is.  …
 “I really didn’t expect that such a dramatic event would actually occur on this ranking. Ji Qinglan will appear on this ranking!”
 “Yeah, it was originally only a ranking for the special system, but since it involves the people of two countries, the nature of this ranking has changed!”
 Perfected Yu Hua and the elders said with grave expressions.
 “And our Crown Prince is on the rankings too. If the princes of the two countries appear on the same rankings, people will definitely compare them!”
 “Fortunately, he’s only in second place. If he really took first place, our Great Xia Dynasty would be utterly humiliated!”
 “I’m still worried if the first place is also from the Xi Liang Dynasty!”
 “No way!” The atmosphere dampened as they became nervous.
  After all, they knew that Ji Qinglan hadn’t come alone.
 Other than the young elites of the Xi Liang Dynasty, there were a few other top experts.
 Who knew if there was a superior physique among these people.
 “If that’s the case, then it’s bad. It’s simply the humiliation of the country!”
 “Who would have thought that the Heavenly Dao Rankings would have such rules!”
 “No, wait, there’s still Li Yu. That kid is a monster. He might have some unknown special physique!”
 “Oh yes! Right now, our best hope is Li Yu!”
 …
Chapter 46: Expected  
 In the Eastern Palace.
 “Elder Shen, there won’t be any more special physiques among the experts from Xi Liang this time, right?” Murong Xingqiao asked with a worried expression.
 “Probably… so.” Shen Qiuming could not be sure himself.
 Ji Qinglan’s guardian was an extremely young woman, but her cultivation realm was higher than his, and her aura was extraordinary.
 Who knew if she had some kind of heaven-defying physique?
 Therefore, Shen Qiuming was also very nervous at the moment. If the top spot was taken by the Xi Liang people, countless people in the Great Xia Dynasty would probably become deeply disheartened.
  “Li Yu isn’t on the rankings yet. He might become number one!” Murong Xingqiao remembered Li Yu.
 With such powerful capabilities, his physique should not be ordinary. Perhaps he did have a unique physique.
 “I hope so!” Shen Qiuming prayed in his heart that no one from Xi Liang would top the rankings.
 …
 “Ji Qinglan is on the rankings! And he’s in second place!” Ye Qiu stood upright, his muscles tensed up, and his expression turned grim.
 As the son of the Ye family, he valued the honor of his country greatly.
 He knew that Ji Qinglan’s appearance in second place and surpassing Murong Xingqiao was  a form of humiliation in the eyes of many.
 Furthermore, as a prospect himself, he was also unconvinced of Ji Qinglan’s abilities.
 Previously, when he heard Ji Qinglan issue a challenge to Li Yu, his battle intent soared as well.
 At the moment, seeing Ji Qinglan in second place, the desire to win and the battle intent in his heart simply spiked to an unprecedented level.
 “Whelp. The nature of the rankings has changed!” Li Qingyun remarked calmly.
 “Yeah, it all depends on whether the first place is from the Grand Xia Dynasty!” Li Yu nodded.
 He naturally did not want the worst to happen.
 After all, he was also a member of the Great Xia Dynasty. Although he was not as patriotic as Ye Qiu, he did not wish his country to become the laughing stock of foreign countries.
 “I can’t believe that Ji Qinglan’s Connate Sword Physique is in second place!” Zhu Xiaotian’s brows were also tightly furrowed. Although he knew that Ji Qinglan’s physique was extraordinary, he did not expect Ji Qinglan to be ranked second in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 “How could this be?” Yi Caidie frowned, feeling worried.
 “Damn it, how did Ji Qinglan get on my Great Xia’s rankings? And he’s in second place!” Murong Tai bellowed angrily.
 He was  displeased to see Murong Xingqiao on the rankings,
 Witnessing a Xi Liang prince become the second on the rankings and suppress a group of elites of the Great Xia Dynasty infuriated him further.
 He even began to worry that the first place could not be guaranteed to be someone from the Great Xia Dynasty due to how the ranking system worked.
 If the top spot went to someone from Xi Liang, it would be too embarrassing for the country.
 Countless people from the Great Xia Dynasty were also worried.
 Ji Qinglan’s appearance changed the nature of this ranking completely.
 This would affect the honor of a country and the honor of a nation.
 Who would want to see their country’s geniuses trampled under the feet of the prodigies of other countries?
 That would definitely be humiliating and a blow to national pride!
 Therefore, the hearts of the millions of people in the Great Xia Dynasty were hanging in the air. They were nervous and waited for one last name to appear on the rankings in anticipation.
 They prayed that the last spot would be someone from the Great Xia Dynasty.
 “The glory of our Great Xia Dynasty will depend on this first place!”
 “The number one better not be from Xi Liang!”
 “Li Yu… Li Yu might become number one, right?”
 “Yes, Li Yu! The first place on the Hidden Dragon Rankings isn’t on this ranking yet!”
 “Indeed, he’s the most likely candidate. Please let it be Li Yu!”
 Li Yu, you have to be up there!?Murong Xingqiao prayed in her heart.
 “It must be Li Yu!” Yi Caidie prayed as well.
 It should be Li Yu! Otherwise, who else could suppress Ji Qinglan!?Zhu Xiaotian thought.
 Although he did not want Li Yu to top the rankings again, he did not want anyone from Xi Liang to do that either.
 “Perhaps it’s only possible with Li Yu!” Perfected Yu Hua felt anxious too.
 At this moment, countless people of the Grand Xia Dynasty were calling the same name in their hearts—Li Yu.
 “The first place should be announced soon!”
 “It’s here, it’s here. It must be Li Yu. It better be Li Yu!”
 “Don’t disappoint us!”
 Silence! Tension!
 A dazzling golden light surfaced on the Heavenly Dao Rankings again.
 Everyone held their breaths as they watched the golden light slowly reveal the information about number one.
 The atmosphere was unprecedentedly heavy and oppressive.
 # 1 on the 3000 Physique Rankings: Human Body
 Owner of Physique: Li Yu
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: Middle-grade immortal cultivation technique, Great Dao Essence Heavenly Connection Art. Nirvana Holy Pill
 Additional Reward: Chongming?Bird1?Fledgling
 “Li Yu! It’s really Li Yu!”
 “Great, this is awesome. Haha, it’s really him!”
 “God bless our Great Xia. The top spot remains ours!”
 “This is great, this is great. The first place is really ours!”
 “Way to go, Li Yu. You didn’t disappoint us after all!”
 At this moment, countless people were seething with excitement.
 The repressed feelings were instantly released.
 It was as if they had just defeated a powerful enemy from the Xi Liang Dynasty, and the hero who led them to victory was Li Yu!
 After the joyous surprise, everyone looked at the name of Li Yu’s physique.
 Their gazes become strange.
 What did Li Yu’s physique mean?
 Human body?
 Everyone was perplexed.
 They knew the two words and what they meant.
 However, they could not understand its meaning when it appeared on the 3000 Physique Rankings.
 “Human body? Is that considered a special physique?”
 “The Great Dao is simple. The simpler the name, the more powerful it might be!”
 “This human body is not a normal human body! It must be an unprecedentedly powerful physique!”
 “Perhaps it’s the body of the Human Sovereign, or short for the body of a saint!”
 “It’s possible! It must have some meaning!”
 “Since it’s ranked on top, it’s definitely not as simple as it looks!”
 “That’s right. To be able to reach the top and suppress the Connate Sword Body, this human body must be an unknown powerful physique!”
 “Of course. Look, Li Yu’s reward is a middle-grade immortal technique. That’s a grade higher than Ji Qinglan’s reward. This obviously shows that this physique is way superior to the Connate Sword Body!”
 “And look, Li Yu has an additional reward!”
 “Yeah, this additional reward is another baby divine bird!”
 “Wow, the Heavenly Dao Rankings must have a nest of baby Chongming birds waiting to be sent out!”
 Everyone in the Jade Pure Dao Sect got excited about the announcement for a while.
 However, when they returned to their senses, they were also confused by Li Yu’s physique.
 “Sect Master, do you know what physique Li Yu has?” Elder Taiwu asked curiously.
 “I’m not too sure either, but not many people know about the three thousand physiques. What I know is only a drop in the bucket. I’ve never heard of Li Yu’s physique either!” Perfected Yu Hua shook his head slightly.
  Then, he continued, “But judging from the rewards of the Heavenly Dao Rankings, Li Yu’s physique must be extraordinary! And it’s better than the second place’s Connate Sword Body!”
 “Hmm, this child is indeed a Son of Heaven’s Mandate. He topped the Hidden Dragon Rankings and ranked top again in the Physique Rankings. Moreover, the Heavenly Dao Rankings have bestowed an additional reward for him. It’s truly unbelievable!” Perfected Taiwu exclaimed.
 “Come to think of it, the rewards for the Heavenly Dao Rankings are pretty persistent. They actually gave him another baby Chongming bird!” Perfected Nihan stroked his icy beard.
 “Aiya, will Li Yu eat the divine bird again?”
 “It can’t be! Didn’t he eat it by mistake last time because he didn’t know that it was the reward from the Heavenly Dao Rankings?”
 “Elder H… Um Elder Kong, bring someone to the Nine-tailed Mountain and instruct Li Yu not to eat the baby bird again! If he doesn’t want to raise it, our sect is willing to pay a heavy price to buy it!”
 “Okay, okay, I’ll go right now!” Elder Kong hurriedly replied. He knew of the Chongming Bird’s importance. It was a divine beast, the guardian beast of the orthodox path!
 …
Chapter 47: We Cultivators Should See Li Yu as Our Role Model  
 “Haha, I really want to see the look on those Xi Liang elites’ faces right now!”
 “Yeah, aren’t they here to challenge the prodigies of our Great Xia Dynasty? He never tasted defeat, right? I think his win streak will end here in our Great Xia Dynasty!”
 “That’s right. Li Yu is definitely more formidable than Ji Qinglan, and the Heavenly Dao Rankings speaks for itself!”
 “Although I really hope that Li Yu can defeat Ji Qinglan, we have to admit that the Xi Liang Dynasty has been extremely powerful over the past few hundred years. Many geniuses have gathered there. The fact that Ji Qinglan can reach the top of the Xi Liang Hidden Dragon Rankings meant that his strength cannot be underestimated!”
 “Don’t diminish your own prestige by praising others!”
 “That’s right. No matter how strong Ji Qinglan is, he’s definitely not Li Yu’s match. Right, do you guys know where he plans to compete with the prodigies of our Great Xia Dynasty? We’ll go take a look and see how Ji Qinglan loses when the time comes!”
  “Haha, I want to see it too!”
 “I heard that he plans to hold an arena to challenge others at the Hundred Sect Recruitment Assembly on the second day of the Lantern Festival!”
 “Oh, he’s good at picking the timing. Is he planning to embarrass himself in front of the young generation of the Great Xia Dynasty?”
 “Hahaha, that’s right. I really look forward to seeing Li Yu beat this kid into a pulp…”
 Because of the 3000 Physique Rankings, the news of Ji Qinglan coming to the Great Xia Dynasty to challenge the top ten geniuses of the Hidden Dragon Rankings instantly spread.
 Now that Li Yu was at the top of the rankings, it made the competition between the prodigies of the two countries more intriguing and anticipated.
 …
 However, on the Nine-tailed Mountain.
 Li Yu’s lips twitched as he looked at the 3000 Physique Rankings.
 He never imagined that he would be number one on this ranking again and that his physique was known as the ‘human body’!
 Didn’t I fill this up in the system’s personal information randomly?  What the… I didn’t know this could happen.  If only I knew the Heavenly Dao Rankings would expose me.  I should have come up with a super cool and awesome name!  I wonder if it is too late to change now.  Li Yu opened the system interface and discovered that…
 He could not change it!
 F*ck!  “Senior Brother, you’re too awesome. You’re really number one!”
 “I knew that Senior Brother would definitely be number one! Otherwise, who would be qualified to be number one!” Ye Qiu and Tang Chi screamed excitedly.
 “But what kind of physique is a human body?” Ye Qiu asked in confusion.
 Li Yu did not speak. He also wanted to know how his body could reach the top of the rankings.
 Moreover, there was an additional reward this time.
 Another Chongming Bird Fledging
 The Heavenly Dao Rankings are so persistent.  Surely there isn’t a nest of baby birds waiting to be sent out on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.  …
 “It’s actually Li Yu!” Ji Qinglan looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings, his face becoming increasingly grim.
 Although he had speculated the first on the Physique Rankings might be Li Yu, he was still deeply irritated when it was confirmed to be true.
 This was especially so when he saw that the rewards for the Heavenly Dao Rankings were actually a middle-grade immortal technique.
 Furthermore, an additional reward was given to Li Yu once again.
 He was about to lose his cool.
 Why!!!  Ji Qinglan was unconvinced. He could not accept this!
 They were both prodigies, so why did Li Yu obtain additional rewards twice?
 And what was his ‘human body’?
 Even Sword Immortal Nie had never heard of this special physique.
 Furthermore, there were spirit bodies, Dao Bodies, and sword bodies in front of him.
 That ‘human body’ seemed so out of place!
 It was also incomprehensible.
 “Li Yu, I will see what’s so special about you this time!” Ji Qinglan’s eyes were burning with flames, his entire body surging with fighting intent.
 He must defeat Li Yu and prove himself to be the strongest.
 Looking at Ji Qinglan’s robe fluttering despite the lack of wind, and his powerful aura emanating around, the elites of the Xi Liang Dynasty fell silent.
 They knew that it was useless to say anything now.
 The Heavenly Dao Rankings were there for everyone to see.
 Therefore, Ji Qinglan must be suppressing his anger inside.
 Whoever spoke at this timing was courting death!
 But then again, what kind of special physique was this “human body”?
 Just as countless people speculated what kind of powerful special physique Li Yu’s human body possessed, a row of words appeared below the “Human Body” up on the rankings.
 Physique explained: Mastering extraordinary power with an ordinary physique, matching the gods of the heavens with a mortal body.
 Everyone was stunned again when they saw this line of words.
 “Did the Heavenly Dao Rankings mean that his body is like the physique of all of us ordinary people, not a special physique!”
 “This means that Li Yu doesn’t have a special physique at all, but through cultivation, he obtained a powerful body that far surpasses all special physiques, and it’s one comparable to a god!”
 “That should be the case. Li Yu only has an ordinary physique, just like us. However, he topped the rankings and surpassed the Connate Sword Body!”
 “No way! Who would have thought that the first place on the 3000 Physique Rankings would be the most ordinary human body!”
 “But isn’t this only possible with a special physique?”
 “The Heavenly Dao Rankings did not specify it was a special physique. That’s what we thought. The human body is also a type of physique.
 “It’s just that those special physiques are stronger than the human body. Meanwhile, Li Yu refined the most ordinary human body into the strongest physique! So he topped the rankings!”
 “Nice, this man Li Yu is really awesome!”
 At that point, countless people suddenly felt a sense of reverence.
 They thought that only those with special physiques could enter the rankings, that only those born extraordinary were worthy.
 However, Li Yu used the most ordinary physique to enter the top 3000 Physique Rankings.
 He even surpassed everyone to reach the top of the rankings.
 This was simply a miracle, a miracle that shocked and excited countless ordinary people.
 At this moment!
 Countless ordinary people were filled with respect and admiration for Li Yu.
 Li Yu had the same ordinary physique as them. Yet, through his arduous cultivation and relentless hard work, he had forcefully turned his mortal body into a physique comparable to a god.
 Hence, after they saw the interpretation of the Heavenly Dao Rankings, many ordinary people who were once depressed by the Heavenly Dao Rankings felt the same way.
 Hope, fighting spirit and passion were reignited.
  Li Yu allowed them to see the hope of an ordinary person surpassing a prodigy.
 They saw a miracle where a mortal’s body was comparable to a god’s.
 From now on, commoners could proudly say, “On the 3000 Physique Rankings, the human body is the strongest!”
 “From today onwards, Li Yu is my life’s goal. Although I know that I will never catch up to him, he will always motivate me to move forward and never give up!”
 “Same here. We cultivators should follow Li Yu as an example. We must work hard. Miracles exist in this world!”
 “Perseverance. Today’s miracle has convinced us that as long as we work hard, we can become immortals too. We can compare to those blessed prodigies!”
 “That’s right, that’s right! I have to work hard too! Mm, I’ll start right away, after I wake up tomorrow morning!”
 …
Chapter 48: Off to Nan’an City  
 In the Jade Pure Dao Sect, after Perfected Yu Hua looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings’ explanation of the ‘Human Body’, the surprise in his eyes intensified.
 “I never expect that this human body is really just a human body!”
 They were just pondering what kind of powerful physique this ‘human body’ possessed.
 No one expected it to be the most ordinary human physique.
 That outcome was truly a surprise, and it shocked them even more.
 If Li Yu really did have a powerful special physique, it was understandable that he could have such strength at his age.
  However, he had the most ordinary physique.
 It was unbelievable that he could have such strength.
 “Li Yu is really not simple!” Perfected Taiwu spoke with a solemn expression.
 As a martial arts body cultivator, he knew all too well how unreal it was to enter the Transcendence realm at the age of seventeen without a special physique.
 “The fact that the Heavenly Dao gave him an additional reward twice must mean something. This child will definitely be the light of our orthodox path. His future is limitless!” Perfected Yu Hua exclaimed.
 “This kid is simply a miracle!”
 “Using an ordinary body to overcome those powerful physiques… If I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I would never have thought that such a thing would happen!”
 “I wonder who his master is!” Perfected Yu Hua was curious about how Li Yu could be nurtured into such a powerful existence.
 His master must be extraordinary as well. Ye Qiu’s improvement was enough to prove this point.
 Looks like I have to find a time to pay this expert a visit!?Perfected Yu Hua thought to himself.
 …
 Inside the Qingyun Sect, Ye Qiu looked at Li Yu with admiration.
 It turned out that Li Yu only had the most ordinary physique yet possessed such powerful strength.
 How much effort and sweat did he have to undergo? How much inhumane cultivation did he have to cultivate an ordinary physique to the strongest of all?
 “Senior Brother, you must have suffered a lot. Starting today, I’ll be like Senior Brother and work hard in cultivation. Master, Senior Brothers, I’m returning to my cultivation now!” Ye Qiu’s eyes were filled with fighting spirit. He immediately cupped his hands and walked to the side to begin cultivating.
 Li Yu was at a loss whether to laugh or cry, and he could only silently praise the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 At this moment, three golden lights flew over from the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 One fused into Li Yu’s mind, and the other was grabbed in his hand.
 The last one transformed into the Chongming bird fledging with gorgeous feathers that flapped its wings and landed to the side.
 The cultivation technique of the Great Dao Essence Heavenly Connection Art quickly fused into his memories, and the system’s mission progress was updated.
 Cultivation techniques collection: 36 / 50
 Pills and Pill Formulas collection: 40 / 50
 “Dad, this Nirvana Holy Pill is for you. This pill should be useful for your injuries, right?” Li Yu handed the pill in his hand to Li Qingyun.
 This pill was meaningless to him. At most, it could be a dessert after meals.
 “Then I’ll gladly have it!” Li Qingyun did not stand on ceremony as he received the Nirvana Holy Pill from Li Yu, his eyes filled with joy.
 He naturally knew how precious this pill was. With this pill, not only could his body undergo nirvana and be reborn, but it could also help him fully recover.
 His cultivation should recover to around 80% of its previous level.
 After handing the pill to his father, Li Yu looked at the divine bird fledging.
 He could not help but recall the heavenly taste of the chicken mushroom stew from last time, and his mouth began drooling…
 Noticing the look Li Yu gave, the baby bird quivered and immediately flapped its wings to fly to Li Qingyun’s side.
 Tonight was destined to be different. The appearance of the 3000 Physique Rankings had shocked countless people and caused many to lose sleep.
  Li Yu being at the top had inspired countless ordinary people to begin cultivating like mad and work toward their dreams.
 Though, Li Yu himself was sleeping soundly.
 Early in the morning after, the hunters at the foot of the mountain delivered fresh prey.
 Ever since he became rich, Li Yu began to purchase food ingredients from the farmers and hunters at the foot of the mountain.
 It was also a form of benefiting the people and driving the local economy.
 Furthermore, there were still many craftsmen in the temple who needed to eat.
 The craftsmen had specialized cooks catering to them, while Li Yu was accustomed to cooking his own meals.
 For Li Yu, a day’s plans lay in the morning. Not eating meat in the morning was unbearable.
 Therefore, he chose a big pheasant among the prey sent by the hunters. After processing it, he placed it above the charcoal fire and began the barbecue.
 At the moment, Ye Qiu and Tang Chi were cultivating.
 Li Qingyun entered seclusion again after consuming the Nirvana Holy Pill. He might be in for a few days, so Wu Chang was guarding him.
 The pheasant oozed with fragrance under the burning charcoal. Li Yu could not help but swallow his saliva as his stomach growled.
 Just as the roasted chicken was halfway done, a figure flew over from afar and landed in the Daoist temple.
 It was an old man in Jade Pure Dao Sect’s Daoist robe. He looked about the same age as Elder Hu.
 After he appeared, he first looked at Li Yu, then at the pheasant on the stick, and his expression changed drastically.
 He rushed to the fire and grabbed the chicken that was about to be done. His eyes were red, and he was about to cry.
 “It’s over, it’s over. We were a step too late. You’ve really wasted a heavenly treasure!”
 The old man cried out in pain as if Li Yu had barbecued his treasure.
 Li Yu looked at the old man in confusion, wondering why the Jade Pure Dao Sect was filled with a bunch of bizarre people.
 However, he immediately understood why the old man had such a reaction.
 “Wait, Senior, this isn’t a Chongming Bird. This is an ordinary wild chicken. The Chongming Bird is over there. See that? On the tree, on the tree!” Li Yu pointed at the scholar tree not far away.
 At the moment, an extraordinary Chongming Bird with gorgeous feathers was resting on the tree.
 Elder Kong’s face froze when he looked in the direction Li Yu was pointing at. He was immediately embarrassed.
 “Cough, cough. Well, haha, it’s all a misunderstanding! Hahaha, I thought you had cooked the Chongming Bird! Hahaha…” Elder Kong laughed awkwardly.
 That was rather embarrassing.
 Li Yu did consider roasting and eating it. After all, this pheasant could not be compared to the meat of the Chongming Bird.
 However, he knew that this divine bird was extraordinary and could become the sect’s guardian beast in the future.
 Therefore, he suppressed his craving and let it off.
 “Senior, are you here for the Chongming Bird?” Li Yu asked.
 He knew that the Jade Pure Dao Sect had always been concerned about his Chongming Bird.
 “Yes. Our Sect Master would like to purchase this Chongming Bird at any price you name. I wonder if Cultivator Li is willing to sell it!”
  “Sorry, this Chongming Bird is not for sale!” Li Yu immediately refused.
 “Cough, cough. Then, Cultivator Li must take good care of this Chongming Bird. If you encounter any difficulties in the future, you can come to Jade Pure Dao Sect at any time. We promise our best effort to help!”
 “Alright, thank you, Senior!” Li Yu cupped his hands and didn’t say anything more. He naturally knew what the Jade Pure Dao Sect was worried about.
 He understood that the Jade Pure Dao Sect had no ill intentions. They only hoped that the Chongming Bird could grow into a true divine bird that could subdue demons and devils.
 It was all for the sake of the commoners. As an orthodox sect, the Jade Pure Dao Sect was entirely responsible.
 They were far better than the other sects in the Great Xia Dynasty in this aspect.
 In the blink of an eye, the Lantern Festival began as scheduled. Li Yu and Ye Qiu rode a flying spirit beast to Nan’an City.
 …
Chapter 49: The Widely Anticipated Battle  
 When Li Yu and Ye Qiu arrived in Nan’an City, it was  evening.
 The streets and alleys of Nan’an City were decorated with ornamental lanterns. The streets were bustling with lively voices of people. It was filled with a festive atmosphere.
 On the streets, other than the official lanterns, the various shops also hung uniquely stylish lanterns at their doors, like a hundred flowers in full bloom.
 According to Ye Qiu, there would be many exciting activities during the Lantern Festival, such as lantern riddles, river lanterns, and even exciting performances.
 Li Yu had experienced the bombardment of various festivals and cultural events in his previous life, so he was naturally not interested in this Lantern Festival.
 Hence, after arriving in Nan’an City, Li Yu temporarily parted ways with Ye Qiu.
  Ye Qiu returned to the Ye Residence while Li Yu went straight to the Eastern Palace to pay a formal visit to the Crown Prince.
 Murong Xingqiao was naturally pleasantly surprised to see Li Yu arrive. She immediately ordered a feast to welcome Li Yu.
 Li Yu naturally did not refuse. In his opinion, the chefs in this palace were definitely better than those outside, and that was the truth.
 At the banquet, Li Yu told the Crown Prince about the Hundred Sect Recruitment tomorrow, hoping that the Crown Prince could help apply for a place for his sect.
 The Hundred Sect Recruitment Assembly was jointly organized by the Great Xia Dynasty and a few large sects. All the sects who wanted to participate in the Recruitment Assembly had to apply in advance before getting a spot on the sect recruitment grounds.
 “No problem. I will arrange a good position for your sect. Also, have you prepared your sect’s flag?” Murong Xingqiao asked.
 “Yes, we’re ready!” Li Yu nodded. Before he arrived, he had specially requested the clothing shop in town to make flags and even banners.
 After all, this was equivalent to the sect’s reputation and advertisement. He was well aware that the recruitment of disciples tomorrow was a competition to grab talent.
 If he wanted to develop the Qingyun Sect into the number one sect in the Great Xia Dynasty, he had to have outstanding disciples.
 “Oh yes, Cultivator Li, I’ll leave the fight with Ji Qinglan to you tomorrow. I’m very confident that Ji Qinglan is definitely not your match!” Murong Xingqiao said with a smile.
 She had seen how powerful Li Yu was. He had defeated eleven young elites with ease.
 Even Ji Qinglan was inferior to such strength.
 Therefore, she looked forward to Ji Qinglan’s challenge to Li Yu tomorrow. This was the best chance to ruthlessly strike back against the Xi Liang people and bring glory to the Great Xia.
 Of course, she had also received the challenge letter from Lu Chunqing, ranked sixth in the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 As the sixth-ranked prodigy of the Great Xia Dynasty, she had to accept the challenge. She could not let anyone look down on her country.
 However, her battle was only a side dish since Ji Qinglan’s match-up with Li Yu was the one everyone was looking forward to.
 Previously, due to the appearance of the 3000 Physique Rankings, the news that Ji Qinglan was coming to challenge Li Yu had  spread throughout the country.
 Countless people arrived today to watch the competition between the two countries tomorrow.
 “Eh… My battle with Ji Qinglan?” Li Yu was slightly surprised.
 He did not plan to accept Ji Qinglan’s challenge. Why did the Crown Prince make this battle sound like an officially arranged program?
 Seeing Li Yu’s reaction, Murong Xingqiao hurriedly added, “My apologies, I was too abrupt. Perhaps you don’t know what’s going on!”
 She guessed that Li Yu had not received the challenge letter and did not know about this at all, so she explained it in detail.
 “The location is at the Hundred Sect Recruitment Assembly tomorrow. I think this is also a great opportunity for your sect to become renowned!”
 Li Yu’s eyes swirled. What Murong Xingqiao said made sense.
 This battle with Ji Qinglan is the center of attention. It’s absolutely the best form of advertisement.  Plus, isn’t Ji Qinglan another genius as well?  I could consider recruiting this kid into our Qingyun Sect too!  This will help in my quota mission.  Li Yu suddenly felt enlightened.
 Previously, it was immensely satisfying to trick the various large sects and families. This time, he naturally could not let Ji Qinglan off.
 The night passed uneventfully…
 The next day, just as the sun rose, Li Yu met up with Ye Qiu outside the palace.
 Murong Xingqiao also arranged for an entourage to follow Li Yu and help.
 “Senior Brother, let me tell you something very infuriating!” As soon as he saw Li Yu, Ye Qiu cried out with an indignant expression.
 “What’s wrong? Did something happen?” Li Yu asked.
 “The Zhu family and the Five Elements Sect really have no morals. They actually took Senior Brother’s credit!” Ye Qiu told Li Yu about the Zhu family and the Five Elements Sect’s cock and bull story.
 He only heard about it from his father when he returned home last night. Initially, Ye Guxiong did not suspect anything. He only realized that something was wrong later on.
 “Senior Brother, I know that you like to keep a low profile, but I’m still pissed to hear this. What gave them the right to snatch your credit? Now, everyone believes that the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch was the true hero, and they are deeply grateful to them.
 “Now that the reputation of the Five Elements Sect is also rising rapidly, I’m afraid that many people will enter their sect this time!” Ye Qiu was fuming.
 “Senior Brother, we have to go and confront the Five Elements Sect later. How is such a wicked sect fit to enjoy the treatment of a hero on behalf of Senior Brother?”
 Li Yu frowned. He did not expect that the Tharman’s head he had thrown in the Nether Hall would be dug out by the Five Elements Sect for their use.
 Although he was not interested in being a hero and had never thought of making the world appreciate him and treat him as one, he was quite displeased when he heard Ye Qiu’s words.
 It was despicable for the Five Elements Sect and the Zhu family to take away credit like that.
 Lying to the world for their own benefits was indeed infuriating.
 “Don’t worry, what is false cannot be true. Let’s prepare for the recruitment assembly first. Leave this to me!” Li Yu declared.
 It was not difficult for him to expose those people’s lies.
 When Li Yu and the others arrived at the Dao Seeking Square in the east of the city, many recruitment stations of the various sects had  been set up.
 Flags fluttered with the wind, and the names of the various sects were embroidered on them.
 The entire square was surrounded by a fence, and the city guards guarded the perimeter to maintain order.
 Outsiders had to wait outside, and the guards would only let them through when the recruitment meeting officially began.
 In the middle of the square, an arena had  been built. Array flags were planted around it. It seemed like an array formation had been set up.
 “I didn’t expect the Great Xia Dynasty to take the competition between the two countries seriously!” Li Yu muttered to himself.
 He and Ye Qiu arrived at the location of their sect and ordered the attendants given by Murong Xingqiao to begin setting up the recruitment station.
 Soon, a large group of people began to gather around the square. They were shoulder to shoulder and were bustling with noise.
 Other than some young people who were here to participate in the recruitment assembly, the rest came over to witness the competition between the prodigies of Xi Liang and the Great Xia today.
 Although most of them did not really want to see the whole competition. The people only wanted to see how Ji Qinglan was defeated by Li Yu.
 Of course, this competition was only an interlude in the end. Today’s main topic was the Hundred Sects recruitment.
 It was the best opportunity for countless youths of the Great Xia Dynasty to enter the various large sects.
 Thus, young people from all over the country gathered here with nervousness and anticipation, waiting for the recruitment assembly to begin.
 “Hey, my friend, which sect do you plan to enter?”
 “Of course, it’s the Five Elements Sect. The Patriarch of the Five Elements Sect killed the Wolf King and eliminated the Netherworld Demon Sect. He’s the great hero of our Great Xia Dynasty.
  “Also, with the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch so powerful, the sect will definitely become stronger in the future. Entering the Five Elements Sect is the wisest choice!”
 “Yeah, that’s right. I also plan to enter the Five Elements Sect. Now that the Five Elements Sect is so famous that entering the Five Elements Sect will give me face. My family all want me to enter the Five Elements Sect!”
 “I also plan to enter that sect. Now, disciples of the Five Elements Sect are respected and loved wherever they go, enjoying many privileges! There is limitless potential after joining the sect!”
 “I believe more than half the people present today are here for the Five Elements Sect!”
 Listening to everyone’s conversation, a young man in ragged clothes in the crowd nodded secretly.
 He was Su Mu, who had traveled a long way here.
 His only goal today was to enter the Five Elements Sect.
 …
Chapter 50: Let Xi Liang See What You’re Made Of  “Hey, do you think the Qingyun Sect will come to recruit disciples?” someone suddenly asked.
 “You aren’t thinking of joining the Qingyun Sect, are you?”
 “Well, I’m afraid that the other sects won’t take me in, so I left a guarantee. After all, the Qingyun Sect nurtured Li Yu, and Ye Qiu entered that sect. I think although this sect is small, it still has solid foundations!
 “Furthermore, that sect is small. Perhaps it does not have such strict requirements for entry! It’s not a bad choice for us ordinary people!”
 “Mm, I think so too. Since Li Yu could cultivate an ordinary physique to the top of the Physique Rankings, the Qingyun Sect must have a unique cultivation technique!”
 “However, I feel that this matter still needs some consideration. After all, this matters to our future. It’s safer to choose a large sect! However, if you want to take the unconventional path, you can give it a try!” Countless young people gathered and conversed.
 At this moment, a commotion broke out in the crowd behind. Everyone looked over curiously and saw that the crown prince had arrived.
  Those elites from the Xi Liang Dynasty followed behind.
 Under the protection of the royal guards, they passed through the crowd and entered the Dao Seeking Square.
 After that, Zhu Xiaotian from the Zhu family, Yi Caidie from the Yi family, and the other elites ranked in the top ten of the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings entered the Dao Seeking Square after one another with their families escorting them.
 After everyone arrived at the Dao Seeking Square, they went straight to the arena in the center and gathered there.
 Meanwhile, the young elites from the Xi Liang Dynasty arrived at the arena, ready to challenge the top ten geniuses of the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 A total of five people in the top ten of the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings have arrived.
 # 1 Ji Qinglan.
 # 2 Gu Tianlong.
 # 5 Du Yun.
 # 6 Lu Chunqing.
 # 7 Ma Tianhou.
 While almost all of the top ten experts of the Great Xia Dynasty were present.
 Of course, the top ten were the updated rankings after the Netherworld Demon Sect was destroyed.
 Before long, the people outside the square were allowed in. The entire Dao Seeking Square was instantly packed with people.
 Everyone gathered around the arena and waited for the show to begin.
 “Senior Brother, should we go take a look too?” Ye Qiu looked at the crowded arena and asked with anticipation.
 “You go first. If you want to join the competition, go ahead. Let those people from Xi Liang see what you’re made of. At the same time, advertise for our sect. I’ll go over after I finish these ten roasted chickens!” Li Yu babbled as he munched down a roasted chicken.
 “Okay, then I’ll go first!” Ye Qiu rushed to the stage excitedly.
 The martial arts competition between the two countries was about to begin. The array formation was activated and enveloped the stage.
 The first fighter of the Xi Liang Dynasty was the seventh-ranked Ma Tianhou, facing the tenth-ranked Wang Chengheng from the Great Xia Dynasty.
 After the two of them introduced themselves, the battle began.
 Wang Chengheng was the first to attack, while Ma Tianhou remained on the spot with a cold smile.
 A punch was thrown, and plentiful spiritual energy surged out like a raging storm.
 Bang!
 Wang Chengheng was thrown out of the ring.
 “Next!” Ma Tianhou looked at the crowd below with a smug.
 “Humph, what’s there to be smug about defeating our number ten!”
 “That’s right, Xi Liang people are too full of themselves!” The crowd shouted unhappily.
 “Sun Zhan of the Five Elements Sect would like to take on the challenge!” A young man jumped onto the stage after the array formation was closed.
 Sun Zhan was currently ranked eighth on the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 Ma Tianhou’s condescending sneer irritated Sun Zhan greatly. He cupped his hands slightly and attacked first.
 However, as expected, he did not manage to withstand a single move from Ma Tianhou.
 After that, Yi Caidie went up the stage, but she was also defeated after only blocking two moves from Ma Tianhou.
 At this moment, the complacency on Ma Tianhou’s face intensified. He looked down and said, “No one in this country can fight. The Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings are indeed lousy!”
 Once he said it, the people from the Great Xia Dynasty were angered and booed him.
 They knew that Yi Caidie and the others used to rank outside the top ten of the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 It was only after the Netherworld Demon Sect was destroyed that they were able to enter the top ten.
 Therefore, it was expected that they could not beat Xi Liang’s seventh place on the Hidden Dragon Rankings in terms of cultivation and capability.
 However, everyone was still unhappy with the Xi Liang people’s smug look.
 “Your Highness, your turn!” Ma Tianhou looked down at Murong Xingqiao with a teasing expression.
 The pride in his eyes made the elites of the Great Xia Dynasty rub their fists in anger, especially Ye Qiu.
 He really wanted to go on stage and defeat everyone from the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 Murong Xingqiao jumped onto the stage, and enthusiastic shouts and cheers immediately erupted from below.
 Although Ma Tianhou still had a cold smile on his lips, his gaze turned serious.
 He knew that Murong Xingqiao was the Crown Prince of the Great Xia Dynasty. Murong Xingqiao was ranked sixth and possessed the fourth-ranked Profound Essence Spirit Body.
 If he could defeat him, he could definitely slap everyone in the Great Xia Dynasty in the face.
 He would also be rewarded by His Majesty when he returned to Xi Liang.
 However, this time, his plan failed. The moment Murong Xingqiao attacked, his expression instantly changed.
 Bang!
 It was one move again, but the person who flew off the stage was Ma Tianhou.
 In an instant, waves of cheers erupted like a tsunami from the square.
 Though he was still immersed in the delicacies, Li Yu could not help but look at the combat arena curiously.
 “It seems like Murong Xingqiao won!”
 Before long, another round of cheering erupted. Lu Chunqing, ranked sixth in the Xi Liang Dynasty, was beaten.
 Murong Xingqiao had  awakened her Profound Essence Spirit Body through the reward of the Heavenly Dao Rankings, the Profound Mixed Essence Technique, and the Holy Spirit Pill.
 Her strength had improved remarkably. Thus, although Lu Chunqing was decent, he was no longer Murong Xingqiao’s match.
 This time, it was those from Xi Liang who seemed worried.
 “He has  awakened his Profound Essence Spirit Body. He has gotten stronger!” Elder Nie’s voice sounded in Ji Qinglan’s mind.
 Ji Qinglan nodded. The sudden appearance of the 3000 Physique Rankings had made their challenge more difficult.
 Almost everyone in the top six of the Great Xia Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings was on the Constitution Rankings.
 With the Heavenly Dao reward, Murong Xingqiao’s strength was  worlds apart from a few days ago.
 Otherwise, he would definitely not be Lu Chunqing’s match.
 “Xi Liang Dynasty’s fifth on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, Du Yun, would like to spar with you!” A short-haired man with a resolute expression jumped onto the stage.
 The atmosphere among the crowd remained enthusiastic as they kept cheering for Murong Xingqiao.
 The battle began. Murong Xingqiao was actually on par with Du Yun. They were equally matched, and the match entered a state of suspense.
 However, Murong Xingqiao, who had the home ground advantage, became more and more ferocious the more the battle dragged on.
 The Crown Prince’s aura gradually suppressed Du Yun. In the end, he seized the opportunity when Du Yun exposed an opening and won with a decisive strike.
 “Yes!” Everyone cheered jubilantly again.
 Even Murong Xingqiao did not expect that she would make a breakthrough in her cultivation at the crucial moment and defeat Du Yun, who was ranked fifth in the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 At the same time, the Hidden Dragon Rankings in the sky suddenly changed.
 Murong Xingqiao’s ranking switched with the original fifth place, Great Sky Dao Sect’s Zhao Ziming.
  “The Crown Prince’s ranking has increased. Has he broken through in his cultivation?!”
 “Impressive, impressive! The Crown Prince is indeed impressive. After some time, he would probably break into the top three of the Hidden Dragon Rankings!”
 “That’s right. After all, the Crown Prince is ranked fourth on the 3000 Physique Rankings!”
 At that point, the Great Xia Dynasty’s side was  fired up as everyone cheered in excitement.
 Meanwhile, the people from the Xi Liang Dynasty seemed disgraced. Their arrogance from before was nowhere to be seen.
 After defeating Du Yun, Murong Xingqiao looked at Gu Tianlong, who was ranked second in the Xi Liang Dynasty, with eyes burning with fighting spirit.
 Gu Tianlong went onto the stage and cupped his hands. “Your Highness has proved formidable, but there’s a huge difference in our level. If you spar with me, me getting called a bully shall be inevitable. Your Highness, you’d better return. Is Ye Qiu here? Do you dare to come up and compete with me?” Gu Tianlong looked around the crowd below the stage and announced.
 …
Chapter 51: We Knew  
 Below the stage, Ye Qiu felt his blood surging when he heard it.
 He held the Azure Dragon Spear and jumped onto the stage. “Qingyun Sect’s Ye Qiu is right here!”
 “Your Highness, you’ve  fought three consecutive rounds. Please take a rest first. Leave this person to me!” Ye Qiu cupped his hands and assured.
 Murong Xingqiao nodded. She was not a person who boasted of her capability. She had  proven herself.
 Knowing when to stop was the best option.
 Therefore, she handed the stage to Ye Qiu.
  “Come on, Ye Qiu!”
 “Go beat him!”
 The people yelled excitedly.
 Zhu Xiaotian took a look at Ji Qinglan beside the stage and the sword on his back.
 A barely noticeable glint flashed through his eyes.
 He secretly calculated how he would challenge Ji Qinglan later and win the Reverse Scale Sword.
 On the stage, Ye Qiu and Gu Tianlong cupped their hands.
 Then, without hesitation, both released their aura and rushed toward each other.
 At the same time, at the Qingyun Sect recruitment station.
 Li Yu finished the last chicken, burped, and wiped his hands and mouth in satisfaction.
 Finally, he carried his sword and leisurely walked toward the arena.
 Wave after wave of intense fighting and roaring cheers crashed the square.
 Li Yu remained calm. He was not worried that Ye Qiu would lose.
 Ye Qiu had awakened the Overlord Blood Body and even consumed the Dragon Strength Pill. His improvement was freakish.
 More importantly, this fellow was filled with passion and would explode at the slightest spark.
 Ye Qiu was probably about to be set ablaze with such a lively atmosphere.
 He might turn into the Turtle Spiritual Earth Core Flame anytime and burn his opponent to death.
 Indeed, when Li Yu squeezed through the crowd and approached the arena, Gu Tianlong had  been kicked off the stage by Ye Qiu.
 “Yeah!”
 The crowd’s cheering peaked, and their voices drowned the entire Dao Seeking Square like a tsunami.
 “Ye Qiu is so strong. No wonder he could reach second place on the Hidden Dragon Rankings!”
 “We really have to see him in a new light after only a few days!”
 “Haha, now the Xi Liang folks must be speechless. They said that our rankings were lousy, but it seems like their Hidden Dragon Rankings are the actual lousy ones!”
 “Hahaha, that’s right!” The crowd discussed excitedly.
 The jeering crowd made the faces of those Xi Liang young elites turn grim.
 “That was a good match!” Ye Qiu cupped his hands to Gu Tianlong.
 Then, he looked at the surrounding crowd and articulated loudly, “Everyone, the Qingyun Sect’s recruitment station is in the southeast corner. We welcome you to join our Qingyun Sect.
 “Although our sect is small, it’s filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. There’s no need to talk about my senior brother. He’s ranked first on the Heavenly Dao Rankings. My master is a peerless expert from the Great Zenith Domain. I credit my master’s guidance and help to quickly break through and move from third place to second place. Also, my senior brother is…”
 “Where is your senior brother?” Ji Qinglan’s words interrupted Ye Qiu. At the same time, he flew onto the stage from below.
 “If you wish to challenge my senior brother, you’ll have to get past me first!” Ye Qiu looked at Ji Qinglan, his eyes burning with battle intent again.
 He was looking forward to the battle with Ji Qinglan.
 The number one on the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings, a prodigy with the Connate Sword Body.
 He wanted to see how strong Ji Qinglan was.
 Ji Qinglan did not speak and adopted a posture that gestured, ‘Bring it on.’
 He did not even draw his sword.
 Although he only wanted to fight Li Yu, his side had  been utterly defeated.
 He needed to save face for the Xi Liang Dynasty immediately.
 In the meantime, he could warm himself up.
 “Humph! Arrogant!” Ye Qiu bellowed angrily. His spear was like a dragon, and his aura was magnificent.
  The long spear swept toward Ji Qinglan with tremendous force.
 However, the spear was grabbed by Ji Qinglan bare-handed. At the same time, he chopped with his hand. A sharp sword qi tore through the air and slashed at Ye Qiu.
 Ye Qiu could not dodge in time and could only use his spear to block.
 Boom!
 The power from the sword qi actually forced Ye Qiu far away, and he almost fell off the stage.
 The surrounding crowd could not help breaking into a sweat.
 Meanwhile, Li Yu’s gaze was focused on Ji Qinglan at the moment, and a wisp of surprise surfaced on his face.
 “This guy is another one I’m fated to meet!”
 Li Yu had just arrived near the stage when he saw Ji Qinglan.
 The system interface popped up, introducing Ji Qinglan’s detailed information.
 This included the Reverse Scale Sword he possessed and the remnant soul of the sword immortal hidden in it.
 Furthermore, the system indicated that this person could activate the Pan Emperor Immortal Abode mission.
 “So he’s a prodigy with his own old master. No wonder he’s so powerful!” Li Yu sighed.
 Since we’re fated, all the more I have to con this guy into… uh, recruit him into the sect.  Just as Li Yu was thinking, Ye Qiu got knocked off the stage platform by Ji Qinglan.
 Li Yu’s figure moved in a flash as he grabbed the falling Ye Qiu and steadied his body before landing on the ground.
 At the same time, Ji Qinglan looked at Li Yu and immediately figured out his identity.
 “You’re Li Yu?” Ji Qinglan’s words made the crowd gather their gazes in the same direction.
 Many people here had only heard of Li Yu’s name, but they had never seen him before. Hence, they sized him up curiously.
 Their eyes brightened when they saw Li Yu’s appearance and aura.
 It was just like what anyone would expect from the peerless genius ranked first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings and the Physique Rankings. His appearance and bearing were extraordinary indeed.
 “This Li Yu is so handsome!”
 “He’s so handsome and strong. I think I’m in love!” Some young girls could not help but look at him with stars in their eyes.
 Meanwhile, at that moment, Zhu Xiaotian’s expression became ugly as he looked at Ji Qinglan on the stage.
 Fortunately, he did not act on impulse just now and challenged Ji Qinglan to a bet before Ye Qiu did.
 Instead, he planned to find out more about Ji Qinglan’s capability through the fight with Ye Qiu.
 However, his heart turned cold after watching it.
 Ji Qinglan was far stronger than he remembered in his previous life. Even Ye Qiu had  shocked him greatly.
 Although he was unwilling to admit it, Ye Qiu’s strength had indeed surpassed his.
 And Ji Qinglan was way above him.
 He had no chance of winning at all. If he did bet with Ji Qinglan, he would probably suffer a double loss.
 Damn it, what’s wrong with this world!?Zhu Xiaotian got depressed.
 It seemed that this world was no longer the world he knew anymore.
 He had believed that he would be the main character here. Yet he did not expect that he would only be reduced to an audience.
 He hated to accept it, but there was nothing he could do.
 The main character today would definitely be Li Yu again!
 “Mm! That’s right!” Li Yu replied to Ji Qinglan with an indifferent expression.
 “Ye Qiu is beaten. Now it’s your turn!” Ji Qinglan’s gaze was sharp, and every word was powerful and resonating.
 “You want to challenge me?” Li Yu inquired.
  “That’s right!” Ji Qinglan nodded.
 “You can challenge me, but simply sparring is boring. Why don’t we play something exciting!” A sly smile surfaced on Li Yu’s lips again.
 “What do you mean?” Ji Qinglan was somewhat puzzled.
 “Why don’t we have a bet?”
 Upon hearing Li Yu’s words, the surrounding disciples of the various sects and large family clans smiled.
 They knew Li Yu’s tricks!
 Previously, they were the ones who were deceived. This time, they had become spectators, so they were eager to watch the show!
 All of them looked like they were waiting for a good show as they watched Ji Qinglan on the stage.
Chapter 52: Suspicion of Life  
 “What do you want to bet?” Ji Qinglan frowned.
 “Hmm, let me think. Today is the recruitment day for our Hundred Sects. And our Qingyun Sect lacks disciples now. How about this? If you lose, you will join the Qingyun Sect! If I lose, you can decide for me. You can even take my life!” Li Yu said with a smile.
 “Your Highness must not agree!” The cold-looking woman, who followed behind Ji Qinglan earlier, immediately stopped him as her face darkened.
 She was confident that Ji Qinglan’s capability was sufficient to defeat Li Yu.
 Furthermore, with the help of that sword immortal’s remnant soul, even a Nascent Soul realm cultivator might not be Ji Qinglan’s match.
 However, when she observed the expressions of Li Yu and the surrounding people, she felt that their smiles were rather strange.
  Therefore, she kept feeling uneasy.
 After Li Yu gave his conditions, a commotion broke out among the surrounding crowd.
 The excitement on their faces intensified!
 Li Yu’s program had a terrific entertainment effect!
 To turn the competition into a bet, while the stakes were really high!
 If Li Yu won and Ji Qinglan refused to enter the Qingyun Sect, Ji Qinglan would be going back on his word. He would be ridiculed by the world.
 The Xi Liang Dynasty he represented would also be humiliated.
 If he entered the Qingyun Sect, it would be another form of embarrassment to the Xi Liang Dynasty as well.
 The thought of a prince from Xi Liang, the peerless genius ranked first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, who eventually entered the Great Xia Dynasty’s Qingyun Sect, sounded humiliating enough.
 If this matter were to spread, it would definitely be a blow and disgraceful for the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 This was what everyone liked to see.
 Furthermore, becoming a Qingyun Sect disciple was equivalent to Ji Qinglan bidding farewell to mortal life from now on.
 He might even become a member of the Great Xia Dynasty, and the throne of the Xi Liang Dynasty would have nothing to do with him.
 Everyone could not help but look at the 3000 Physique Rankings that bothered them.
 If Ji Qinglan’s background became Qingyun Sect, it would be much more comfortable to look at.
 Li Yu’s words made Ji Qinglan hesitate. If he lost, he might really have to enter their sect. This was simply a disgrace.
 No, he’s just trying to use this strange bet to shake my will to win.  It must be a psychological tactic to make me give up fighting him because I’m afraid of failure. I can’t be tricked!  Ji Qinglan thought this way.
 “Yo, so you’re scared now. You dare to challenge our Great Xia Dynasty with this little ability!” Li Yu provoked.
 “I think he just wouldn’t dare. The Xi Liang Dynasty’s number one on the Hidden Dragon Rankings isn’t much after all!”
 “Yeah, why don’t you just admit defeat!”
 “Hurry up and get down. Stop embarrassing yourself here. He has  dared to bet on his life, so what are you hesitating for? Coward!”
 The crowd began to boo as they watched the show.
 Although Ji Qinglan could cope mentally, he was naturally annoyed to be mocked by that many people.
 Furthermore, he did not think that he would lose. Instead, he felt that Li Yu was putting up a bluff to conceal his weakness.
 “Humph, why wouldn’t I dare? But I’m not interested in your life!” Ji Qinglan said coldly.
 “Then what do you want?” Li Yu asked.
 “Chongming Bird!” Ji Qinglan said. He was most irritated about the additional reward that the Heavenly Dao Rankings had bestowed on Li Yu.
 Therefore, he decided to snatch the Chongming Bird from Li Yu’s hands today.
 “Okay! Deal!” Li Yu agreed readily and immediately jumped on the platform. “Come, let’s begin!”
 “Your Highness…” The cool lady still tried to persuade him.
 However, Ji Qinglan waved his hand and said sternly, “Yu Feng, stop it. I won’t lose!”
 “Haha, you hear that, everyone? If Ji Qinglan loses, he must enter our Qingyun Sect. If I lose, the Chongming Bird rewarded by the Heavenly Dao Rankings will belong to Ji Qinglan!” Li Yu repeated the bet and spoke with a clear voice.
 “That’s right, indeed. We all heard it!” Everyone agreed.
 “Ji Qinglan, you have no objections, right?” Li Yu looked at Ji Qinglan again.
 “No objections!” Ji Qinglan snapped coldly.
 “Your Highness, please be our witness again!” Li Yu looked at Murong Xingqiao below the stage.
 “Very well!” Murong Xingqiao nodded with a smile.
 She was also in a good mood.
 She knew that Li Yu would win. In a while, she would witness how Ji Qinglan would resolve the situation after he lost.
 Thinking about how the Xi Liang Dynasty’s most powerful prince was also the most qualified candidate for the future crown prince—if Ji Qinglan really entered a sect from the Great Xia Dynasty, that would be interesting!
 Of course, she knew that this matter was not that simple. Nonetheless, today’s competition would become an indelible stain on Ji Qinglan and even the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 “Hehe, this is going to be fun!” Yi Caidie’s eyes were smiling, and her heart was filled with anticipation.
 “Alright, let’s begin!” Li Yu curled his finger at Ji Qinglan.
 “Aren’t you going to draw your sword?” Ji Qinglan held the Reverse Scale Sword and asked in a low voice.
 “I don’t need a sword to deal with you!” Li Yu smiled calmly. Though this smile was full of mockery in Ji Qinglan’s eyes.
 “Anyone can brag. Let’s see if you have what it takes!” Ji Qinglan roared and attacked first.
 As he swung his sword, sword Qi rampaged, transforming into countless sword shadows that filled the entire arena.
 It was as if it wanted to tear apart the sky, making it impossible to dodge.
 His gaze was sharper than a sword, and his aura was more oppressive than the sword ray.
 He was locked onto Li Yu, and he didn’t give Li Yu the slightest chance to dodge!
 At that moment, Li Yu remained on the spot, yet his voice sounded like a ghost from behind Ji Qinglan.
 “You’ve lost!”
 Swoosh!
 Ji Qinglan’s hair instantly stood on end, but before he could react, the Reverse Scale Sword in his hand was snatched away by Li Yu.
 At the same time, his entire body was blasted away by an extremely terrifying force.
 With a bang, it smashed heavily onto the array formation light screen.
 In the end, he fell off the stage with a bang.
 The entire process was like a glimpse of a white colt flashing past a chink in a wall.
 It was so quick that the audience below the stage did not even see what had happened. And Ji Qinglan was  lying below the platform.
 “…”
 After a brief silence, the entire square was lit up.
 Ji Qinglan lay on the ground, startled, with eyes empty.
 He was like a salted fish!
 “Your Highness, are you alright?!” Yu Feng rushed over immediately and helped Ji Qinglan up.
 However, Ji Qinglan’s soul seemed to have been punched out and had not returned.
 His eyes were glazed, and his expression was wooden as he kept muttering, “Impossible, impossible!”
 “Oh my, Li Yu is too powerful!”
 “This is too unbelievable. Ji Qinglan got defeated just like that!”
 “Li Yu’s strength is absolutely ridiculous!”
 Countless people who had witnessed Li Yu’s capability for the first time exclaimed in admiration.
 However, after their shock, some complaints sounded.
 “This is the fastest showdown in history, right? In the freaking blink of an eye, Ji Qinglan was defeated!”
 “Hey, hey, did anyone see what just happened?”
 “And that’s it? I didn’t see anything!”
 “This is it? F*ck, this Ji Qinglan is too useless. I came all the way here, and you’re finished in one second!”
 “That’s right, he’s even more useless than my toothpick!”
 Waves of complaints echoed in the square like a tsunami.
  As for those from the various sects and large families who had long known Li Yu’s strength, they could not contain their excitement after witnessing Li Yu defeat Ji Qinglan in one move.
 Particularly when they saw Ji Qinglan doubting his life with that expression, they could not help but find it funny.
 It proved how great a blow and shock Li Yu brought to Ji Qinglan.
 The high-spirited, confident, and proud Xi Liang prince.
 The prodigy who had never tasted defeat while challenging the geniuses of various countries.
 The same man could not even withstand a single strike from Li Yu before he was sent off the stage.
 The shadow of this trauma might be larger than the Huaxia continent.
 …
Chapter 53: How Strong Is He?  
 “No, I must have been careless just now. I was careless. Li Yu, let’s fight again!” Ji Qinglan’s soul finally returned to its spot, and he yelled with an unwilling face.
 “You still want to compete with me? No problem. Once you enter our Qingyun Sect, I’ll train with you every day until you accept defeat!”
 “Hahahaha…” Everyone immediately roared with laughter when they heard that.
 The image of Ji Qinglan living in fear of Li Yu surfaced in their minds!
 “I…” Ji Qinglan still wanted to say something.
 However, he was interrupted by Li Yu again. “Accept your defeat. You’re the mighty Thirteenth Prince of the Xi Liang Dynasty, don’t tell me you don’t even have this bit of integrity!”
  “Hmph, I knew that Xi Liang was shameless and dishonest!”
 “That’s right. Losing and denying it. Is this Xi Liang’s character?”
 “All of us heard it. You promised yourself. Are you going to break your promise now that you’ve lost?!” Everyone’s words were like bolts of lightning that struck Ji Qinglan’s mind.
 “Your Highness, don’t worry about them. Let’s go!” Yu Feng grabbed Ji Qinglan and was about to fly away.
 She naturally could not allow Ji Qinglan to enter the Great Xia Dynasty’s sect.
 Li Yu’s expression turned cold. He was just about to take action when he saw two elders instantly fly in front of Yu Feng and block her and Ji Qinglan’s path.
 The powerful aura transformed into a dominating pressure that locked onto Yu Feng and Ji Qinglan.
 “How could you leave just like that? You are the ones who issued the challenge, and you are the ones who have put up the arena. Aren’t you taking our Great Xia Dynasty too lightly by leaving after losing?” Elder Cang Shan of the Jade Pure Dao Sect snapped coldly.
 “That’s right. I hate people who don’t keep their word the most!” Elder Qing Xuan of the Great Sky Dao Sect gave a cold stare.
 They would not tolerate these people from Xi Liang.
 Ji Qinglan’s appearance on the Physique Rankings infuriated them.
 This was simply a form of invasion as he took away a spot from the Great Xia Dynasty.
 How could they not take revenge for this?
 Furthermore, Ji Qinglan had a bet with Li Yu in public. Now that he had lost, he attempted to renege on his promise.
 If they were really allowed to leave, where would their faces go?
 Yu Feng knew they were in the wrong and did not say a word. She unleashed her aura and was about to use force.
 However, Ji Qinglan stopped her. “Yu Feng, I’ve lost. I can’t go back on my word. You bring the others and leave!”
 “Your Highness!” Yu Feng’s expression blackened. If Ji Qinglan really entered the Qingyun Sect, how could she have the face to return to see His Majesty?
 Ji Qinglan ignored Yu Feng and looked at Li Yu instead. “Li Yu, do you dare to promise me that if I defeat you in the future, you’ll allow me to withdraw from the Qingyun Sect!”
 “Whatever!” Li Yu smiled.
 Defeat me? You probably have no hope in your entire lifetime.  Just be a good little junior brother of mine in the future and contribute more to our sect.  Everyone below was overjoyed. No one expected Ji Qinglan to really become a Qingyun Sect disciple.
 “My goodness, this Heavenly Dao Rankings really has foresight. Perhaps it knew in advance that Ji Qinglan would become a part of the Great Xia Dynasty? That’s why he got on the Great Xia Dynasty’s Physique Rankings.”
 “Yeah, it seems like the heavens have their own plans!”
 “Hahaha, throwing himself into such a bet. Ji Qinglan can be considered the first in history.”
 The match between Li Yu and Ji Qinglan ended too quickly, and everyone did not get enough thrill from watching it. Nevertheless, the competition between the elites of the two countries had satisfied their appetite.
 On the other hand, seeing how the situation had developed to this point, Zhu Xiaotian’s expression became increasingly ugly.
 If Ji Qinglan became a member of the Great Xia Dynasty, wouldn’t he drop another place on the Hidden Dragon Rankings?
 Furthermore, once the Divine Weapon Rankings were announced, his spirit sword ranking would drop by another position.
 Whereas Qingyun Sect was suddenly about to sweep the top three of the Hidden Dragon Rankings. They might even take first place on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 “It’s gone. It’s over. How could this be!” Zhu Xiaotian felt his head buzzing.
 “Your Highness, His Majesty will never let you enter the Qingyun Sect!” Yu Feng warned with a serious face.
 Then, she looked at the people of the Great Xia Dynasty and shouted, “You ignorant commoners, do you know what the consequences would be if His Highness really entered the Qingyun Sect? And you, Li Yu, your foolish bet today will bring disaster to the Great Xia Dynasty. Prepare to suffer the wrath of the Xi Liang Dynasty’s emperor!”
 “Hehe!” Li Yu was amused.
 To hear something that deluded coming from this woman was rather… funny.
 “Yu Feng, nothing needs to be said anymore. Don’t you find me embarrassing enough! Go back and tell my father that this is my own decision. And I’ll bear all the consequences of it!” Ji Qinglan asserted resolutely.
 Although he was competitive, he also valued honor.
 He did not want to become the laughing stock of the world and be despised by everyone.
 Yu Feng sighed helplessly, then cupped her hands at Ji Qinglan and did not speak further.
 Instead, she left with the remaining young elites of the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 “Alright, today’s competition is over. The Hundred Sect Recruitment Assembly shall begin shortly!” The old man in charge of the competition arrived on the stage and declared loudly.
 The crowd dispersed reluctantly.
 The various large sects returned to their respective recruitment stations to prepare for the upcoming recruitment assembly.
 “Junior Brother Ji, let’s go to our sect’s recruitment station to settle the admission procedures. After you complete the procedures, you’ll become a disciple of our Qingyun Sect. As for whether you can become the sect master’s personal disciple in the future, that’ll depend on your performance!” Li Yu patted Ji Qinglan’s shoulder and informed.
 “Hahaha, Junior Brother Ji, welcome to the Qingyun Sect’s big family!” Ye Qiu patted Ji Qinglan’s shoulder with a warm smile.
 Indeed, they were opponents not long ago, and Ji Qinglan was the enemy’s prince. As long as he entered the Qingyun Sect, they would be brothers. Their past grudges would be written off.
 Regardless, Ji Qinglan did not want to speak and only squeezed a smile uglier than crying.
 He was worried about his unknown life ahead.
 “Elder Nie, what is Li Yu’s cultivation level?” Ji Qinglan contacted the sword immortal’s remnant soul in his mind.
 “I can’t tell either. I feel like he doesn’t have any cultivation level, yet he seems unfathomable. He gives me a particular strange feeling! Just like his physique, it’s clearly an ordinary physique, but it makes me feel like it’s the strongest physique in the world! In short, he’s special and strange! Phenomenal, to say the least!”
 Elder Nie’s words surprised Ji Qinglan even more.
 If Sword Immortal Nie found Li Yu special, Li Yu must be really exceptional!
 “But you didn’t lose for nothing. Qinglan, this kid is indeed much stronger than you! After you enter the Qingyun Sect, I’ll observe Li Yu carefully in the future and see what’s going on with him.”
 At the moment, Elder Nie was also curious about Li Yu.
 He had seen all kinds of strange things in his life, but this was the first time he had seen a freak like Li Yu.
 Hearing what Elder Nie said, Ji Qinglan was at a loss whether to laugh or cry. No wonder Elder Nie did not react at all when he lost the match.
 Li Yu had piqued his curiosity, and he was looking forward to entering the Qingyun Sect.
 Regardless, no matter how strong Li Yu was, he had to work harder in his cultivation in the future.
  One day, he would defeat Li Yu and leave the Qingyun Sect fair and square.
 “Right, Junior Brother Ji, what’s the name of that old sword immortal of yours?” Li Yu suddenly turned to look at Ji Qinglan and asked.
 Ji Qinglan’s expression changed drastically, and he was overwhelmed with shock again as he looked at Li Yu. He was stunned.
 He even knows about the sword immortal, Elder Nie.
 “How… how did you know…”
 Ji Qinglan felt that Li Yu’s currently harmless gaze seemed to see through the heavenly secrets and peer through the ages.
 As if all his thoughts and ideas were exposed in Li Yu’s eyes, he couldn’t help but feel a chill run down his spine.
 
Chapter 54: Conversation with the Crown Prince  
 Just as Li Yu and the others returned to the recruitment platform, Crown Prince Murong Xingqiao walked over. “Cultivator Li, can we speak in private?”
 “No problem. Ye Qiu, help Junior Brother Ji settle the admission procedures. After that, bring Junior Brother Ji along to distribute flyers to attract more people over!” Li Yu instructed.
 “…”
 I’m the prince of the Xi Liang Dynasty, and you have the audacity to order me to hand out flyers?  “Let’s move on, Your Highness!”
 After settling the matters at hand, Li Yu quickly followed Murong Xingqiao to the limit of the square and boarded her carriage.
  “Is there anything important, Your Highness?” Li Yu went straight to the point.
 “It’s about Ji Qinglan.” Murong Xingqiao pondered for a moment and replied.
 “You must be worried that the Xi Liang Emperor will be angered and attack our Great Xia Dynasty. Don’t worry, Your Highness. I’ll handle this matter myself. And I won’t implicate the Great Xia Dynasty!” Li Yu firmly assured the crown prince.
 He knew that Ji Qinglan’s identity was an issue. Everything that happened today was not as simple as winning or losing a bet between ordinary people.
 This concerned the contest between countries. It was a big deal, and it involved the fate of both countries and the lives of countless citizens.
 Thus, as the crown prince, Murong Xingqiao must be worried that this matter would trigger a war between the two countries.
 “No, that’s not what I meant. I just want to inform you that the Great Xia Dynasty will always stand behind you and support you. If the Xi Liang people want to cause trouble, the country will have your back.
 “It has been nearly a hundred years. Our Great Xia has been weak and bullied by other countries, especially the Xi Liang Dynasty. We have repeatedly given in to them, but they keep pushing their luck.
 “The Great Xia Dynasty seemed to have forgotten its former glories, becoming increasingly humble and cowardly.
 “Our people seem to have lost their pride, their confidence, and their morale.
 “However, it will not happen again from now on.
 “Today, you have helped our country achieve glory. Once the news spreads, it will definitely cheer up the people and help regain the pride of our Great Xia Dynasty.
 “Over the past few days, I have also understood one thing. Our Great Xia Dynasty will never bow to anyone or any country again.
 “Even if we had to fight to the last soldier, we could not lose our national integrity.
 “You need not worry. If the Xi Liang Dynasty threatens you, you have the support of everyone in the Great Xia Dynasty. And if the Xi Liang Dynasty sends troops to attack, we have our million soldiers of the Great Xia Dynasty!”
 Murong Xingqiao’s speech was impassioned, while her gaze was firm and unshakeable.
 Her words stunned Li Yu.
 He really did not expect Murong Xingqiao to say such a thing.
 Still, that was proof of character!
 Without a doubt, Murong Xingqiao did not say fine words for the sake of it. She spoke from the bottom of her heart.
 Today proved that the prodigies of the Great Xia Dynasty had surpassed the Xi Liang Dynasty. She could see the long-awaited pride and confidence on her people’s faces.
 Furthermore, she had awakened a powerful physique, and the Great Xia Dynasty had young geniuses like Li Yu and Ye Qiu. Their potential was limitless.
 The Wolf King Clan was no longer a threat, and the Netherworld Demon Sect had been eliminated. The Great Xia Dynasty had  resolved most of its internal threats.
 Furthermore, they had the backing of that mysterious expert.
 Why should they be afraid? Why should they continue to bow down to the Xi Liang people?
 If the people were spineless, the Great Xia Dynasty would only exist in name.
 Will the country last if the people lose their pride and confidence?
 Even if the Xi Liang Dynasty was powerful, it was not invincible.
 Furthermore, Ji Qinglan’s life was in their hands. Why should they be afraid that the Xi Liang Dynasty would turn their country upside down?
 Hence, Murong Xingqiao reassured Li Yu and offered support to boost his confidence.
 He could not let these young elites become timid again.
 Of course, Murong Xingqiao said those things for a reason. Li Yu remained silent when Yu Feng attempted to frighten him just now.
 She supposed that Li Yu was concerned about the possible invasion from the Xi Liang Dynasty.
  “Hahaha, I’m glad to hear that, Your Highness. But don’t worry, with me around, the Xi Liang Dynasty can’t do anything!” Li Yu smiled confidently.
 When it came out of his mouth, it did not seem like he was bragging at all. Instead, it was convincing.
 Murong Xingqiao gazed at Li Yu. She always felt that this guy was ever so calm and collected, no matter the circumstance. As if there was nothing in the world he was afraid of.
 …
 When Li Yu and Murong Xingqiao entered the carriage, a commotion suddenly broke out in the nearby crowd near the Five Elements Sect’s recruitment station.
 Someone recognized Su Mu.
 That person had a loud voice, and due to his excitement, it got a little sonorous. It instantly attracted the attention of the people around him.
 Su Mu’s name was  known by everyone.
 He was ranked third on the Great Xia Dynasty’s 3000 Physique Rankings, a hidden prodigy who had obtained an immortal-tier cultivation technique as a reward.
 Everyone was curious about him.
 “Brother Sun, you’re here too!” Su Mu did not expect to meet someone familiar here.
 Since he had arrived here, he was no longer afraid of being recognized.
 “Ah, what a relief. At the time, I thought that everyone in Feng City was gone. If I hadn’t seen the 3000 Physique Rankings, I wouldn’t have known that you were still alive!” The man named Sun was also thrilled.
 Their conversation attracted the crowd’s attention, and countless people surrounded them curiously.
 “That’s Su Mu!”
 “So this is Su Mu, ranked third on the Physique Rankings?” Everyone sized up Su Mu with surprise and curiosity.
 Although Su Mu was in rags like a beggar, no one dared to underestimate him.
 After all, he was an absolute talent, owner of the Grand Yan Dao Body who could compete with Ji Qinglan.
 Furthermore, he possessed an immortal level technique. Who would dare to underestimate him?
 The commotion instantly attracted the attention of the various sects.
 The first to rush over was naturally the closest Five Elements Sect’s Grand Elder, Perfected Jinyang.
 “Little child, you must be Su Mu!” Perfected Jinyang looked at Su Mu excitedly. “I’m the Five Elements Sect’s Elder, Perfected Jinyang. Would you like to enter the Five Elements Sect?”
 Perfected Jinyang did not beat around the bush and went straight to the point.
 “Greetings, Senior Jin Yang. I’m here today to join the Five Elements Sect!” Su Mu cupped his hands and replied with an eager look.
 He had traveled a long way to join the Five Elements Sect. Now, his wish was finally going to be fulfilled.
 Upon hearing Su Mu’s words, Perfected Jinyang was surprised and delighted. His old face was about to bloom with joy.
 He did not expect that Su Mu would actually express his intention to join their sect. It was simply a blessing from heaven.
 The commotion grew among the surrounding crowd. They did not expect Su Mu to choose the Five Elements Sect directly.
 The Five Elements Sect was really unstoppable now.
 The Patriarch had returned to kill the Wolf King and eliminate the Netherworld Demon Sect. It brought them fame and fortune, boosting the sect’s strength significantly.
 The addition of Su Mu gave them a prodigy who could compete with the elites of the various sects in the future.
 They could also obtain his Nine Pure Immortal Light Scripture.
 After all, even the Jade Pure Dao Sect did not have a complete immortal-tier cultivation technique.
  With this immortal level technique, the overall strength of the Five Elements Sect would probably surpass the Jade Pure Dao Sect in a few years.
 Coupled with their current reputation, it was only a matter of time before they became the number one sect in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 “The Five Elements Sect will surely be the star of today’s recruitment event!”
 “Mm, yep, I want to join the Five Elements Sect too!”
 “Of course. Most people here should be vying to join the Five Elements Sect, especially now that they see Su Mu joining them. It will probably affect their decision!” Everyone discussed animatedly.
 At this moment, Elder Cang Shan of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, Elder Qing Xuan of the Great Sky Dao Sect, and the elders and people in charge of the various sects rushed over after hearing the news.
 Ye Qiu and Ji Qinglan were curious as they came over as well.

Chapter 55: My Senior Brother Is The One  
 “Elders, you’re late!” Perfected Jinyang looked at the elders of the various sects with a smug look.
 Su Mu had  expressed his wishes a little time ago. Clearly, he was joining the Five Elements Sect.
 Therefore, he was not worried that the other sects would come and snatch him away. Instead, it would allow the Five Elements Sect to shine in front of the other sects.
 The arrival of Su Mu destined the Five Elements Sect to be the most outstanding in this recruitment event.
 Furthermore, it meant that the Five Elements Sect had obtained a peerless genius and a low-grade immortal cultivation technique.
 After today, the Five Elements Sect’s meteoric rise would continue.
  Elder Cang Shan, Elder Qingxuan, and the others ignored Perfected Jinyang.
 They went in front of Su Mu and expressed their wish to recruit him.
 They also offered attractive conditions in hopes of snatching this talent.
 However, Su Mu cupped his hands and replied, “Thank you for your kindness, seniors. However, I only wish to enter the Five Elements Sect!”
 Su Mu’s firm attitude surprised Elder Cangshan and Elder Qingxuan.
 “Su Mu, my young friend, won’t you reconsider? Be it in terms of foundation or capability, our Jade Pure Dao Sect is one of the best in the Great Xia Dynasty. Entering our sect is the best choice for you!” Elder Cangshan was unwilling to concede. After all, this was a prodigy who came with an immortal-tier technique.
 This was an opportunity that the various large sects had to vie for.
 “Indeed. Choosing a sect is not a small matter. You can’t be impulsive. You should consider the situation of each sect!”
 “That’s right, that’s right. Our sect isn’t inferior to the Five Elements Sect either!” Other sects were persuaded.
 “Seniors, I’ve  made up my mind. The Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch killed the Wolf King, eradicated the Netherworld Demon Sect, and saved our Mo Prefecture. He’s the hero in the hearts of everyone in our Mo Prefecture. The reason I traveled all the way here was to enter the Five Elements Sect!” Su Mu announced with a firm gaze.
 Expressions of the elders of the various sects sank, and it caused a stir among the people. So that was the reason he chose the Five Elements Sect.
 At that moment, more and more people were watching the commotion. After all, the people from the various large sects had gathered.
 Everyone was curious to find out what was going on.
 “Su Mu, our young friend. The authenticity of this matter remains to be verified. We still don’t know if the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch is really the great hero who saved your Mo Prefecture!”
 “Hey, hey, Elder Cangshan, what do you mean by that? Everyone has seen the Wolf King’s head before. Could it be fake?”
 “What can an alpha’s head prove? Who knows if you picked it up from somewhere!” Elder Cangshan snapped.
 “Exactly. If it’s really your Patriarch, why don’t you let him come out and let us witness the power of this expert? Moreover, why did he hide his identity at the beginning but announce it to the world later on?!”
 “That’s right. Who knows if you’re lying!” The elders of the various sects threw out their suspicions.
 In fact, the various large sects had their doubts.
 After all, a Patriarch had suddenly appeared in the Five Elements Sect. Furthermore, no one had seen this person.
 It was really suspicious.
 However, they had no evidence to prove that it was not the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch.
 Moreover, this matter did not directly threaten their interests, so no one was willing to investigate further.
 But it was different now!
 Su Mu was set to join a sect for the mysterious expert alone. It involved their interests, and they naturally had to voice their doubts.
 They could not just watch such a peerless genius and that immortal technique get taken by the Five Elements Sect so easily.
 This was truly unacceptable.
 “Yes, the Five Elements Sect is lying!” Right at this moment, a voice interrupted the elders of the various sects.
 Everyone looked over.
 Ye Qiu walked out of the crowd with a disgruntled expression and looked at the Five Elements Sect’s Perfected Jinyang with disdain.
 Then, he looked at Su Mu and continued. “Su Mu, if you really want to thank that great hero who saved your Mo Prefecture, you should join our Qingyun Sect. Because the person who killed the Wolf King, the one who drove off the Wolf King’s army and eliminated the Netherworld Demon Sect was my senior brother, Li Yu!”
 “What!”
 Ye Qiu’s words were like a meteorite that fell into the sea, instantly stirring up torrential waves that caused an uproar in the crowd.
 “That mysterious expert is Li Yu!” Countless onlookers were stunned as they looked at each other.
 “Are you kidding? Ye Qiu, don’t speak nonsense here. Li Yu is only so old. Even if he has extraordinary strength, it’s impossible for him to kill the Wolf King alone and defeat the Wolf King’s army, much less annihilating the entire Netherworld Demon Sect by himself.
 “If you can come up with a more convincing lie, then even if you say that it’s your master, it’s more believable than saying that he’s Li Yu, right?!” Perfected Jinyang sneered.
 Elder Cangshan, Elder Qingxuan, and the rest had odd expressions. They did not expect Ye Qiu to suddenly come out and join in the fun.
 Of course, they did not believe what Ye Qiu said at all. This sounded more ridiculous than what the Five Elements Sect had claimed.
 “Hmph, you should know better who was who’s lying. How could you imagine how powerful my senior brother is? Moreover, Wu Chang of the Netherworld Demon Sect is in our sect. If you don’t believe me, you can ask him. The truth will naturally come to light, and…”
 “Hahaha, who is Wu Chang? We’ve never heard of such a person in the Netherworld Demon Sect! Do you think you could fabricate a person to fool everyone? Don’t treat us like fools!” Perfected Jin Yang sneered.
 A mocking expression surfaced on the faces of the surrounding people.
 “Ye Qiu, did you see it with your own eyes?” Elder Cangshan asked.
 “No, but I once saw my senior brother kill the demon child with a single strike!” Ye Qiu said with a serious look.
 “Demon child?” Everyone gasped again before they laughed uncontrollably.
 “Hahaha, you’re getting more and more ridiculous. Ye Qiu, I respect your father as a hero. Your Ye Family is filled with loyal people who keep their word. You’re from the Ye Family, so how could you say such baseless things? It’s really damaging your Ye Family’s reputation!” Perfected Jinyang said eccentrically.
 “Humph, I, Ye Qiu, am someone who never lies. I’m not like your Five Elements Sect. As a supposedly righteous sect, you have no morals and actually fabricated lies to deceive the commoners and stole my senior brother’s credit. You have no sense of shame!”
 Ye Qiu’s words stunned the people from the various large sects again.
 Even if they suspected that this might not have been done by the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch, they even doubted the existence of this Patriarch.
 However, it was difficult to believe that all of this was done by Li Yu. It was simply too ridiculous.
 They admitted that Li Yu was strong, and no one in the younger generation was his match.
 However, the Netherworld Demon Sect was a colossus. No matter what, they would never have imagined that Li Yu could destroy the Netherworld Demon Sect.
  Also, that demon child was a terrifying existence.
 Ye Qiu actually stated that the demon child was killed by a single strike from Li Yu. This was simply a fantasy.
 Just as Ye Qiu was about to explain further, the sky suddenly rumbled, and then a wave of heavenly might spread down from the sky.
 Everyone looked up in shock.
 The Heaven Dao Rankings brightened up again.
 A few dazzling golden words condensed on the empty spot beside the 3000 Physique Rankings.
 Divine Weapon Rankings!
 …
Chapter 56: Divine Weapon Rankings  
 Jing Prefecture’s Five Spirit Peak. The Five Elements Sect was located here.
 Many platforms and pavilions were scattered on the five towering mountains that reached the clouds. Clouds and fog lingered, and curls of smoke spread in the air, giving them the demeanor of an immortal sect.
 Right at that moment, a flood dragon flew over from the sky. An oppressive figure stood on the enormous dragon head.
 He stood as straight as a pine, wearing a purple-black robe. He looked cold and majestic, and a faint purple glow lingered around him.
 Roar!
 The dragon’s roar shook the earth and alarmed everyone in the Five Elements Sect.
  Everyone looked up in surprise and saw a huge purple palm print smashing down from the sky like a firmament.
 It struck the Five Elements Sect’s Protective Mountain Array.
 Bang!
 The heavens and the earth shook. The Protective Mountain Array flashed violently as cracks appeared on it, and it was on the verge of collapse.
 A terrifying pressure poured down, causing the expressions of the Five Elements Sect disciples to change drastically, and their faces were filled with horror and shock.
 “Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch, come out and die!” The purple-robed figure standing on the flood dragon shouted.
 He was one of the nine Kings of the Netherworld Cult of the Great Luo Holy Region—Crimson Dragon King.
 Mo Lin was his junior brother and his closest friend in the sect.
 After he came out of seclusion two days ago, he was heartbroken to know that the Netherworld Demon Sect had been destroyed and Mo Lin had been killed.
 Later on, he heard that the Patriarch of the Five Elements Sect was behind it, so he rushed to the Five Spirit Peak to settle the scores with the Patriarch.
 “Who is this person? He’s terrifying!”
 “He nearly destroyed our Protective Mountain Array with a single strike!”
 “This… this person seems more powerful than our sect master!”
 “He’s here to find our Patriarch. Could he be the Patriarch’s nemesis?!”
 “It’s fine, don’t panic, everyone. With the Patriarch here, we can surely defeat this person!”
 “Isn’t the Patriarch still in seclusion!” Many Five Elements Sect disciples exclaimed.
 At the same time, the Five Elements Sect Master, Perfected Yan Ji, flew out with a group of Five Elements Sect elders and quickly arrived in the sky above Five Spirit Peak.
 “Sir, may I know why you’re looking for our patriarch?” Perfected Yan Ji was full of smiles, but he was panicking inside.
 Looking at the person in front of him, he had a vague guess.
 “Why? Your Sect’s Patriarch killed my junior brother, Mo Lin. Today, I will use the lives of everyone in your sect to mourn the death of my junior brother, Mo Lin!” Crimson Dragon King responded coldly.
 Before he had finished his sentence, he formed hand seals and struck out with his palm.
 The enormous palm print carried the tyrannic power of nature. With a bang, it lashed onto the Protective Mountain Array again.
 Bang!
 The entire Protective Mountain Array shook violently and collapsed.
 The terrifying shockwave sent Perfected Yan Ji and the group of Five Elements Sect elders flying.
 The disciples below were like fallen leaves in a violent wind, scattering from the impact. Some with lower cultivation even bled in the corners of their mouths.
 The strike was truly terrifying.
 If not for the Protective Mountain Array, this strike would probably have killed countless people.
 Perfected Yan Ji’s expression was ugly, and he was terrified.
 He was well aware this person was someone they could not mess with. His cultivation had probably reached the Profound Void Martial Stage.
 An old monster at the Profound Void Martial Stage, who could stop him?
 How could he have imagined that Mo Lin had such a terrifying backer?
 He did not expect that he would be so blinded using a lie that he would actually provoke such a terrifying god of death.
 Perfected Yan Ji knew that Mo Lin was somewhat related to the Netherworld Cult.
 Still, he could not have imagined that an expert of the Netherworld Cult would come to seek revenge for the destruction of the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 If he had known earlier, he would never have panicked like this.
 “If your Patriarch wouldn’t come out, I’ll obliterate your Five Elements Sect!” Crimson Dragon King said coldly. His powerful aura was like a mountain that pressed down on everyone’s hearts. It sent chills while they trembled.
 “It’s a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding! Senior, it’s all a big misunderstanding!” Perfected Yan Ji shouted in panic.
 “Senior, Mo Lin was not killed by our Patriarch. To be precise, our Five Elements Sect has no Patriarch. All of this was a lie I fabricated in a moment of folly. I only hoped that this could improve the influence and prestige of our sect! To clarify, the person who destroyed the Netherworld Demon Sect was actually someone else!”
 “What!?” Purple Dragon Holy King frowned deeply.
 From the looks of it, he did not seem to be lying.
 Furthermore, he had only just demonstrated his strength slightly, and this sect master was  this frightened. It was clear that this sect was not that powerful.
 If the Netherworld Demon Sect was destroyed by a member of such a sect, then it would be too shameful!
 Upon hearing Perfected Yan Ji’s confession, the expressions of every Five Elements Sect disciple drastically changed as they looked at each other in shock.
 They had never doubted their sect master’s words and firmly believed that the Five Elements Sect’s long-missing Patriarch had killed Mo Lin.
 They were even proud of it and looked forward to the Five Elements Sect’s rise to glory under the guidance of the returned Patriarch.
 However, the sect master said that this was a lie he fabricated.
 Was the sect master afraid of this expert, so he deliberately claimed he was lying, or was he really lying?
 The Five Elements Sect disciples were at a loss.
 At this moment, there was a sudden rumble in the sky as a heavenly might spread down from the sky.
 Everyone looked up in shock.
 Crimson Dragon King looked over in surprise as well.
 The Heaven Dao Rankings brightened up again.
 A few dazzling golden words condensed on the empty spot beside the 3000 Physique Rankings.
 The Divine Weapon Rankings!
 …
 This ranking was the Great Xia Dynasty’s Divine Weapon Rankings. All divine weapons could be listed.
 A total of 20 weapons are ranked where owners obtain the Heavenly Dao’s rewards!
 The rankings are refreshed in real-time, and a reward shall be given every month.
 An introduction of the Divine Weapon Rankings appeared on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 “Another ranking has actually appeared!”
 “I wonder which divine weapons will be on the Divine Weapon Rankings!”
 Only “It’s going to be a carnival for the various large factions and families again. Divine weapons are not something an ordinary family should have!”
 “Yeah, you’re right!”
 Everyone in Nan’an City’s Dao Seeking Square was in a commotion.
 The Physique Rankings had only just appeared a few days ago. No one expected a new ranking to appear so soon.
 However, Zhu Xiaotian, who had just left the Dao Seeking Square and not gone far, was shocked again.
 The last thing he wanted to see had happened. The Divine Weapon Rankings had appeared in advance.
 Maybe it was because he had suffered too many blows in a row, or perhaps it was too big a blow, causing him to be stunned for a while.
 His mind went blank.
 “Divine Weapon Rankings? Haha, good timing. This is great!” Ye Qiu exclaimed in joy.
 Back then, he had witnessed Li Yu obtain a spirit sword devoured by the demon child when he killed it.
 Although he did not know what sword it was, he could tell that it was extraordinary at a glance.
 It was highly likely that it would enter the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 Moreover, he heard that Li Yu and the others had obtained a supreme-grade Immortal Artifact, the Demonic Carnage Sword, from the Netherworld Demon Sect.
  Immortal artifacts were supreme treasures in the Great Xia Dynasty, especially supreme-grade ones.
 The first place was probably the Demonic Carnage Sword.
 Therefore, the appearance of the Divine Weapon Rankings might prove what he had just claimed.
 It would prove that Li Yu was the mysterious expert who had killed the Wolf King, Mo Lin, and the demon child.
 “Seniors of the various large sects and everyone present, the Divine Weapon Rankings has appeared at the right time. Am I lying, or is the Five Elements Sect telling lies? The Divine Weapon Rankings will surely provide us with an answer!” Ye Qiu looked at the surrounding people and asserted loudly.
 His words caused another commotion, but it also whetted their appetite.
 If Ye Qiu said that the Divine Weapon Rankings would provide answers, they would have to wait and see!
 …
Chapter 57: The Mysterious Expert Is Li Yu?  
 The appearance of the Divine Weapon Rankings alarmed the entire Great Xia Dynasty again. Countless people stopped to look and discussed fervently.
 The various large sects and large family clans were also filled with anticipation. They hoped that their sect’s cornerstone divine weapons could enter the rankings.
 They roughly had the rankings of these famous divine weapons in mind.
 For example, the Immortal Sword of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, the Three Purities Sword, was the most famous divine weapon in the Grand Xia Dynasty.
 This was widely recognized by the various large sects, so everyone knew that the Three Purities Sword had a high chance of obtaining the top spot.
 Of course, besides the Three Purities Sword, there was also the divine weapon of the Great Xia Dynasty’s imperial family—the Tianwen Sword.
  The Sky Water Sword of the Heavenly Water Pavilion, the Lingxu Sword of the Great Sky Dao Sect, the Frozen Water Sword of the Zhu family, the Titanic Crescent Heavy Sword of the Five Elements Sect, and so on.
 These divine weapons were  well-known. They should make the rankings.
 Naturally, everyone expected the Divine Weapon Rankings to expose unknown divine weapons.
 This was what everyone was looking forward to.
 If some ownerless divine weapons were revealed, it would be an immense opportunity for the various large factions.
 “I didn’t expect a new ranking to appear so soon!” Perfected Yu Hua was also quite surprised.
 “It’s finally our sect’s turn to enter the top three on the Divine Weapon Rankings!”
 “Yeah, Sect Master’s Three Purities Sword has high hopes of becoming the top on the rankings!” Elder Taiwu and Elder Gu Ming grinned.
 “Don’t be too happy yet. Perhaps there might be an unnamed divine weapon!” Perfected Yu Hua remarked, but he was naturally looking forward to it.
 After all, this was the closest he had come to the top of the rankings. It was also his best chance.
 “But at least we’ll be in the top three. After all, our sect master has an immortal sword!”
 “Hmm, I hope so!”
 “The first divine weapon has appeared!” Just as Perfected Yu Hua, Elder Taiwu, and the others were speaking, someone shouted.
 The first name appeared on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 Divine Weapon Rankings # 20: Golden Scale Sword
 Current Owner: Wei Canghou
 Origin: Wei Family of Qi Prefecture
 Reward: Natural Spirit Herb—One Scarlet Yang Fruit
 “The rewards for the Divine Weapon Rankings are pretty good!”
 “Yeah, to think that the last place would be rewarded with a natural spirit herb. Then the reward for the first place would probably be an immortal herb!”
 “That’s possible. The top three on the Physique Rankings are all immortal spells. This Divine Weapon Rankings must be pretty good too!”
 The Scarlet Yang Fruit was a natural spirit herb, a priceless treasure that could only be encountered by chance.
 Not only could it increase one’s lifespan, but it could also improve one’s physique and improve one’s cultivation. It was highly beneficial.
 It was also a precious herb used to refine top-grade spirit pills.
 Any one of the natural spirit herbs was priceless. Even a large sect like the Jade Pure Dao Sect could count the number of natural spiritual herbs they possessed with one hand.
 It was clear how precious this natural herb was.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 19: Meteor Hammer
 Current Owner: Taigang
 Origin: Star Dou Sect
 Reward: Natural Spirit Herb—Star Tears Fruit
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 18: Gale Axe
 Current Owner: Demonic Ape of Mount Kui
 Origin: Kui Mountain Demon Valley
 Reward: Natural Spirit Herb—Wild Spirit Plant
 “Oh heavens, even a greater demon’s weapon can be on the list!”
 “This Divine Weapon Ranking isn’t only limited to humans!”
 “Oh no, this isn’t good news. Wouldn’t these greater demons be able to use the Heavenly Dao Rankings to improve their strength?!”
 “That might not be the case. Those creatures are probably not far from their deaths!”
 “That’s right. In the past, the large factions could not be bothered to waste resources eliminating these greater demons. However, with the Heavenly Dao Rankings, it’s a different story. Obtaining this divine weapon means that you can obtain the Heavenly Dao’s reward every month. The various large factions will snatch this Gale Axe and kill this demon in turns!”
  “That’s right. This greater demon is probably trembling now! He might be preparing to make a run for it!”
 People discussed.
 However, what appeared next on the Heavenly Dao Rankings stunned countless people.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 17: Tiger Soul Saber
 Original Owner: Wolf King Tharman
 Current Owner: Li Yu
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: Natural Spirit Herb—Profound Life Fruit
 The instant the 17th place appeared, the entire Dao Seeking Square, Nan’an City, Jing Prefecture, and even the entire Great Xia Dynasty were astounded.
 Eyes of disbelief looked at each other.
 Tiger Soul Saber!
 The original owner was Wolf King Tharman.
 The current owner was Li Yu.
 Wolf King Tharman’s saber was in Li Yu’s possession.
 What did this mean?
 “…”
 Countless people were in an uproar!
 “Why is Wolf King Tharman’s saber in Li Yu’s hand?”
 “Could it be a gift from the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch to Li Yu?”
 “What’s the relationship between the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch and Li Yu?”
 “Could that Patriarch of the Five Elements Sect be Li Yu?”
 “What are you guys thinking? Why must you link Li Yu to the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch?!”
 “Then could it be that Li Yu killed the Wolf King? That mysterious expert is Li Yu? How is that possible!?”
 “It can’t be, right? How old is Li Yu? No matter how strong he is, it’s impossible for him to kill the Wolf King and defeat the Wolf King’s army of hundreds of thousands! Moreover, the Netherworld Demon Sect was eradicated by a mysterious expert, so how could Li Yu possibly have such strength!?”
 “Yeah, that’s impossible. Li Yu must be related to the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch. Perhaps his master is also the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch!”
 Countless people were shocked, but they still could not believe that Li Yu had killed the Wolf King Tharman.
 After all, the level of knowledge limited people’s imagination, and the lies of the Five Elements Sect directed their thoughts.
 Many people began to speculate about various possibilities.
 Yet, they refused to believe that the actual situation was as simple as they had witnessed.
 In the Jade Pure Dao Sect, Perfected Yu Hua, Elder Taiwu, and the others were also shocked when they saw the details regarding the seventeenth place.
 “Wolf King Tharman’s saber is in Li Yu’s hand. Does this mean Li Yu is that mysterious expert?”
 “This… this is ridiculous!”
 They were never convinced that killing the Wolf King and eliminating the Netherworld Demon Sect was the doing of the Five Elements Sect’s Ancestor.
 However, compared to the lies of the Five Elements Sect, this idea seemed even more unbelievable.
 “Or maybe… Li Yu’s master? We’ve never seen this person before, but he nurtured a monstrous genius like Li Yu. Perhaps he’s that mysterious expert!”
 “Yeah, that’s possible. If Li Yu’s master gave the Wolf King’s saber to Li Yu to use, that explains it!”
 “Looks like there’s a need to visit Qingyun Sect to meet their sect master!”
 At the same time, Zhu Xiaotian had an expression as ugly as one could imagine.
 After the Divine Weapon Rankings appeared in advance, his heart had  sunk to the bottom of the valley.
  The seventeenth place that appeared seconds ago threw his heart out of the nine heavens and smashed it into the ground before it was galloped by ten thousand horses.
 “Li Yu? How could it be Li Yu?!” Zhu Xiaotian would never have thought that the mysterious expert was Li Yu.
 He had thought that the mysterious expert was some other hidden expert.
 Even if the Divine Weapon Rankings could reveal the real one behind the destruction of the Netherworld Demon Sect, no one should know who he was, and Zhu Xiaotian’s lie would be safe.
 However, he had never imagined that this mysterious expert was actually Li Yu.
 Nor did he expect Wolf King Tharman’s saber to be on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 If that was the case, his lies would probably be exposed!
 …
Chapter 58: Li Yu Again and Again  
 Countless people in the Dao Seeking Square were astonished and in a huge commotion, especially those who had just witnessed the confrontation between Ye Qiu and the Five Elements Sect’s elders. They were simply shocked to the core.
 At this moment, Perfected Jinyang’s face was as dark as it could get.
 Elder Cang Shan, Elder Qingxuan, and the others were also shocked as they looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings in disbelief.
 Su Mu was equally shocked. He could not believe what he had just seen.
 Wolf King Tharman’s saber was in Li Yu’s hand. Was Ye Qiu telling the truth?
 Su Mu turned to look at Ye Qiu.
  “Humph, see that? Wolf King Tharman was killed by my senior brother. What else do you have to say, Senior Jinyang? One look at it, and it’s clear who’s lying. You better not tell me and everyone else that your esteemed sect’s ancestor is my senior brother!” Ye Qiu’s sharp gaze aimed at Elder Jinyang.
 He hated despicable acts like impersonating others to take the credit for themselves. Furthermore, he had just been doubted by everyone and could not vent his anger.
 Now that the Heavenly Dao Rankings helped reveal the truth to the public, he felt satisfied immensely.
 “This, this might have been picked up by Li Yu or someone from your Ye Family when they were cleaning up the battlefield. Who knows if you gave this saber to Li Yu? I heard that you went to the battlefield back then!” Perfected Golden Yang Yang continued to quibble.
 In any case, since the matter had  reached this point, he could not admit anything. Otherwise, the Five Elements Sect would probably be utterly humiliated.
 “Fine, to be shameless to this extent, I really admire that. Let’s continue watching. Let’s see how long you can quibble!” Ye Qiu snapped coldly.
 He did not want to argue with Elder Jinyang anymore. After all, the truth would definitely be revealed with the help of the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 As Ye Qiu checked the Heavenly Dao Rankings, he saw a familiar name.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 16: Azure Dragon Spear
 Current Owner: Ye Qiu
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: Natural Spirit Herb—Dragon Blood Grass.
 “My spear is up there!” Ye Qiu was overjoyed.
 He was surprised to see his Azure Dragon Spear on the rankings, and it was even ranked sixteenth.
 Right at that moment, a golden light shot over from the Heavenly Dao Rankings and landed in Ye Qiu’s hand.
 It was a Dragon Blood Grass.
 Ye Qiu had heard of it. It was said to be transmuted from the blood of a true dragon.
 It contained a trace of dragon blood essence, and after consuming it, he could obtain a trace of a divine dragon’s power.
 It was absolutely a supreme treasure to body cultivators.
 With this Dragon Blood Grass, his strength and cultivation could definitely advance to another level.
 Outside the Dao Seeking Square. In the carriage.
 Murong Xingqiao and Li Yu were chatting before getting interrupted by the commotion and exclamation outside.
 The two of them walked out of the carriage and looked up. Only then did they discover in surprise that a new ranking had been announced on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 Murong Xingqiao also saw the information regarding the 17th place with a single glance, and her eyes instantly widened.
 She looked at Li Yu in shock. “Why is the Wolf King’s saber in your hands? Did you… kill the Wolf King?”
 “Indeed.” Li Yu smiled calmly and nodded.
 Li Yu didn’t expect that there would be the Divine Weapon Rankings on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 It seemed like he could no longer hide the things he had done.
 However, he did not mind. It would benefit him anyways.
 It could expose some lies while upping the prestige and reputation of the Qingyun Sect, which would help recruit disciples soon.
 Thus, when he saw the rankings, he was more than delighted.
 “Then the Netherworld Demon Sect…”
 “Yes, that’s me too!” Li Yu looked indifferent as if he was talking about a trivial matter.
 Shock!
 Murong Xingqiao looked at Li Yu, dumbfounded.
 She almost forgot to breathe, and the only thing left in her mind were shocks.
 She would never have imagined that the person who helped the Great Xia Dynasty eradicate the Netherworld Demon Sect and defeat the Wolf King’s army…
 The mysterious expert who had saved countless citizens of the Mo Prefecture and alleviated the danger of the Great Xia Dynasty, the great hero of Great Xia…
 It was Li Yu!
 This was simply hard to believe.
 She knew that Li Yu was powerful.
 However, she would never imagine Li Yu as the mysterious expert that killed the Wolf King and annihilated the Netherworld Demon Sect.
 After all, who would have thought that a seventeen-year-old young man could have such terrifying capability?
 This was something that went beyond their imagination and surpassed their understanding.
  Suddenly, Li Yu’s name appeared on the Divine Weapon Rankings again.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 15: Cicada Sword
 Original Owner: Viper
 Current Owner: Li Yu
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: Natural Spirit Herb—Golden Spirit Leaf
 “It’s Li Yu again!”
 “Li Yu is on the rankings again!”
 Countless gasped again.
 “Viper’s sword is in Li Yu’s hand?”
 “Who is Viper?”
 “He’s the top assassin of our Great Xia Dynasty, and no one has seen him because everyone who saw him is dead. Still, Viper’s name is infamous, and he’s a terrifying existence!”
 “Viper’s sword is now Li Yu’s? Did Li Yu kill Viper?”
 “I guess it’s possible!”
 “Is the top assassin of the Great Xia Dynasty that weak?”
 “Weak my ass! He’s someone even Nascent Soul realm cultivators fear!”
 “Li Yu can kill a Nascent Soul realm expert! That’s too freakish!”
 “Did the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch give this Cicada Sword to Li Yu too?”
 “Is Li Yu the illegitimate son of the Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch?”
DiisCoover  Divine Weapon Ranking # 13: Titanic Crescent Heavy Sword
 Current Owner: Perfected Yan Ji
 Origin: Five Elements Sect
 …
 “The Titanic Crescent Sword is only ranked thirteenth!” Perfected Yu Hua was quite shocked.
 “Looks like many hidden divine weapons are going to surface this time!” Elder Taiwu was also surprised.
 In fact, they thought this Titanic Crescent Heavy Sword should be in the top ten. They did not expect it to only rank thirteenth.
 After all, they had a rough idea of the top ten divine weapons of the Great Xia Dynasty based on their current knowledge.
 However, it was apparent the Divine Weapon Rankings this time was not as simple as they previously thought.
 It seems whether my Three Purities Sword can be ranked top is still unknown!  Perfected Yu Hua thought to himself.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 12: Scarlet Copper Hammer
 Origin Owner: Great Demon Shi Potian
 Current Owner: Li Yu
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: Natural Spirit Herb—Earth Saint Fruit
 “…”
 When the twelfth ranking was announced, countless people gasped again.
 It was Li Yu again!
 “Heavens, this is the third time Li Yu has appeared on the rankings!”
 “The greater demon, Shi Potian? That’s the greater demon who has wreaked havoc in Qing Prefecture for many years. He’s so powerful that even the various large sects have a headache over him.”
 “Later on, it was said that he was killed by a mysterious person. This incident caused a stir at the time, but no one knew who killed him until now!”
 “And it’s Li Yu? This is just inconceivable!”
 “In that case, maybe the Wolf King was killed by Li Yu as well?!”
 “Unbelievable!”
  “I feel like my head isn’t enough. This is simply the most unbelievable thing I’ve heard!”
 “So the mysterious expert that the rumors have been spreading about is really Li Yu?”
 “Does this mean that the Five Elements Sect is lying?”
 Opinions of countless people began to change.
 Even though they could not believe it for a moment, Wolf King Tharman’s saber, Viper’s Cicada Sword, and the Great Demon Shi Potian’s Scarlet Copper Hammer were all in Li Yu’s hands.
 It was enough to see the problem.
 They had no choice but to believe it.
 …
Chapter 59: Lies Exposed  
 On the Dao Seeking Square, the expressions of everyone became more and more splendid. They saw that Li Yu had once again entered the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 Seeing that the Great Demon Shi Potian’s Scarlet Copper Hammer was in Li Yu’s possession, they could not be more stunned, especially when they remembered what Ye Qiu had just said.
 They felt that an unimaginable possibility was about to be proven true.
 “Shi Potian was killed by Li Yu?” Elder Cangshan, Elder Qingxuan, and the others looked at each other with shocked expressions.
 They looked at the confident Ye Qiu.
 Was Ye Qiu telling the truth?
  They had all seen the terrifying rift at Stone Devil Mountain.
 It was a terrifying rift that had been slashed open by a sword.
 The crack in the Wolf King’s camp resulted from the same person.
 If the Tiger Soul Saber was in Li Yu’s hand was a coincidence. Li Yu’s having the Scarlet Copper Hammer seemed to explain everything.
 Everyone’s gaze gathered on Elder Jinyang. Su Mu frowned as well. He looked at Elder Jin Yang, hoping for an explanation.
 However, how could the current Elder Jinyang still have the cheek to speak? It was as if he had eaten a fly, and his expression was as ugly as it could be.
 His face flushed red, and he felt even more guilty.
 He really wanted to find a hole in the ground to crawl into. He wanted to explode on the spot and turn into ashes. He did not want to face everyone’s overbearing gazes.
 He really hated the ridiculous idea his sect master had thought of, fabricating that the patriarch was a mysterious expert.
 Now, this lie was probably going to be exposed. The Five Elements Sect had tried to steal a chicken only to end up losing the rice used to lure it. They would be utterly humiliated and despised by the world.
 “How could it be Li Yu!” Elder Jin Yang was simply complaining endlessly in his heart.
 They never imagined that the mysterious expert was Li Yu?
 If it was really a mysterious expert in seclusion, no one would recognize him even if he was exposed. It would be easy for them to cover up the lie.
 However, it was all over now.
 “Perfected Jinyang, give us an explanation!” Elder Cangshan looked at Perfected Jinyang with disdain and questioned.
 He naturally looked down on such shameless acts of impersonating others for the sake of the sect’s benefits.
 Such behavior would be despised by the world.
 He did not expect the Five Elements Sect to be that pathetic.
 “That’s right. We should know that the person who killed the greater demon Shi Potian is the same person who killed the Wolf King. The Wolf King and Shi Potian’s magic treasures are in the hands of Li Yu. What’s going on? Did your patriarch give it to Li Yu!” Elder Qingxuan questioned with a cold smile.
 Previously, it was rumored that the Five Elements Sect’s patriarch was a mysterious expert who had allowed the Five Elements Sect to gain both fame and fortune.
 Today, they were about to become the main character of this recruitment event.
 However, Elder Qingxuan did not expect that the Five Elements Sect was lying.
 He wanted to see how the Five Elements Sect would clean up this mess.
 “Hmph, that’s right. Is your patriarch Li Yu’s master? Could it be that the Qingyun Sect is the new sect your patriarch founded?”
 “So your patriarch not only took Zhu Xiaotian as his disciple, but he also took in Li Yu? He’s a little biased, though. Why did he give Li Yu his magic treasures?”
 “That’s right. Did you give all the wealth of the Netherworld Demon Sect to Li Yu?” The members of the other sects attacked with questions as well.
 They said all the lines that they could think of that Perfected Jin Yang might want to use, leaving him speechless for a moment.
  After all, the immoral conduct of the Five Elements Sect was infuriating and despicable.
 “Seniors, my Qingyun Sect’s sect master is a peerless expert from the Divine Firmament Holy Land. He’s not the Five Elements Sect’s patriarch!” Ye Qiu cupped his hands and announced.
 “Divine Firmament Holy Land?” Everyone raised their eyebrows as they revealed looks of surprise.
 The Divine Firmament Holy Land was one of the seven Holy Lands and was an absolute behemoth. It was also where the top geniuses and experts of the world gathered.
 Even if all the sects of the Great Xia Dynasty were combined, they were not even a tenth of that Holy Land.
 Since the Qingyun Sect’s sect master came from the Divine Firmament Holy Land, it was no wonder that he could teach a monstrous genius like Li Yu.
 He also helped Ye Qiu to break through in a short period of time.
 Even so, isn’t Li Yu a little too powerful?  “Senior Jinyang, was the Wolf King really not killed by your sect’s patriarch?” Su Mu frowned as he looked at Perfected Jinyang.
 He felt as if his feelings had been cheated, and he was furious.
 “Little child, isn’t it obvious? The Five Elements Sect is lying! You should stay away from such an immoral sect!”
 “That’s right, such behavior is despised by the world!”
 “Yeah, why don’t you reconsider? Our Great Sky Dao Sect isn’t a bad choice!”
 “Everyone, don’t make it sound so awful. We were also deceived. That fellow who claimed to be our Five Elements Sect’s patriarch might be a cheat!” Elder Jin Yang stammered.
 He really could not recover anymore. The truth was  clear as day.
 All he could do now was to quickly shift the blame. Otherwise, his sect’s reputation would probably be utterly destroyed.
 “Hahaha, you people can’t even tell if your patriarch is real or fake. Your Five Elements Sect is really silly!”
 “You must have been blinded by benefits!”
 “Or is it that you never thought of checking his identity!”
 “I think you guys did it on purpose. You can’t even differentiate between a cheat and an ancestor. Your sect is really making me laugh my head off!”
 “When our patriarch disappeared back then, the sect master was only a youth. How could he remember so clearly? It was normal for him to mistake the person. At the time, the sect master was probably too happy and did not think much about it! Before we knew it, we were also deceived by that fellow who impersonated the patriarch!” Perfected Jinyang was still trying his best to explain.
 “Hmph, since when did you guys become the victims!”
 “Yes! He claimed that he was severely injured after destroying the Netherworld Demon Sect. Our sect used a lot of spirit herbs to treat our patriarch’s injuries too!” Perfected Golden Yang continued to make up lies.
 At this point, he could only try his best to restore the sect’s reputation. Otherwise, the Five Elements Sect would probably be rejected by the world.
 “Alright, stop finding excuses. If your Five Elements Sect’s strength had half of your ability to lie, you would have become the number one sect in the Great Xia Dynasty!”
 “Agreed! If the truth hadn’t been revealed through the Heavenly Dao Rankings today, everyone in the world would probably get deceived by you people the entire time and treat that imaginary ancestor of yours as a hero!”
 “That’s right. In that case, Li Yu is the true hero. He silently killed Shi Potian, the Wolf King Tharman, and eliminated trouble for our Great Xia Dynasty. After that, he left without a word. He has never talked or bragged about it to anyone. He has never thought of letting the world be grateful to him.
  “On the other hand, your Five Elements Sect doesn’t even check if that so-called patriarch is real or not. Instead, you publicize it as if you’re afraid that the world will never know! It’s easy to judge who’s better!”
 “Compared to Li Yu, your sect is really unworthy of the title of hero!”
 “That’s right. To think that we believed that your Five Elements Sect was a righteous sect. I didn’t expect that your Five Elements Sect was really so shameless.”
 Everyone was filled with righteous indignation, and they criticized to vent the dissatisfaction in their hearts.
 Many of them were here for the Five Elements Sect today, and they treated the Five Elements Sect as the heroes of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 The Five Elements Sect have disappointed them immensely and cheated their feelings.
 How could they not be angry?
 …
Chapter 60: Are You Even Worthy of a Sect Master?  
 “So the mysterious expert is actually Li Yu!” Su Mu was shocked, and his expression became complicated.
 The great hero he had always admired and been grateful for was actually the first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings and the Physique Rankings, Li Yu.
 The one who had just defeated Ji Qinglan of the Xi Liang Dynasty not long ago.
 The Mo Prefecture’s savior was just in front of him, and he did not know it. He felt regretful.
 However, speaking of which, Li Yu was the true hero.
 He had done so much for the Mo Prefecture, yet he remained anonymous.
  At that moment, Su Mu was truly touched. Li Yu’s image instantly became incomparably majestic in his heart.
 “Senior Jinyang, since the Wolf King was not killed by your Five Elements Sect’s Patriarch, I won’t consider your sect anymore!” Su Mu said solemnly.
 Afterward, he walked toward Ye Qiu. “Brother Ye, may I ask if your sect is willing to accept me?”
 “Of course. Haha, Junior Brother Su, welcome to our Qingyun Sect!” Ye Qiu laughed heartily and patted Su Mu’s shoulder.
 Upon seeing Su Mu choose Qingyun Sect, the elders of the various sects were filled with envy and jealousy.
 Qingyun Sect was probably going to become the real protagonist of the recruitment assembly today.
 First, Li Yu won Ji Qinglan in the bet and made Ji Qinglan enter the Qingyun Sect.
 Now that Su Mu joined Qingyun Sect, it suddenly obtained two top geniuses today.
 Including Ye Qiu and Li Yu.
 The Qingyun Sect now had four top geniuses, and they were the cream of the crop among prodigies.
 Not to mention the unimaginably monstrous Li Yu.
 Just Ye Qiu, Ji Qinglan, and Su Mu alone should be ranked among the top geniuses even in the various Holy Lands.
 Their sects would be overjoyed even if they could have one of them.
 Furthermore, Li Yu had  obtained the various immortal cultivation techniques and spirit herbs rewards of the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 After Su Mu and Ji Qinglan brought their own immortal technique to join the sect, the Qingyun Sect instantly possessed three immortal-tier techniques that monopolized the top three rewards of the Physique Rankings.
 This simply made the various large sects jealous.
 In addition, after the Divine Weapon Rankings exposed that Li Yu was that mysterious expert, his name would surely rock the world again.
 The Qingyun Sect’s prestige would also instantly surpass the various large sects.
 The younger generation present today were probably rushing to the Qingyun Sect.
 Like the various large sects had guessed, countless youths who had previously planned to enter the Five Elements Sect changed their minds and prepared to join the Qingyun Sect.
 Some youths who had planned to head to other sects to give it a try were tempted as well.
 “Although Qingyun Sect is small, it has limitless potential. If I can enter it, I might be able to ride on an immortal-tier technique to cultivate!”
 “That’s right. The Qingyun Sect has only just begun to develop. If we enter the sect now, we’ll be in the first tier of the sect. In the future, we should become the core of the sect and be nurtured with emphasis!”
 “Mm. I’m planning to join the Qingyun Sect too. In the future, it will definitely rise up strongly!”
 “Li Yu is the true hero who saved our Mo Prefecture. Men of the Mo Prefecture naturally have to join the Qingyun Sect to repay our savior!”
 “That’s right. I’ll even sweep the floor there if I can enter!”
 “Me too. I must join them!” Countless youths said excitedly.
 Many amongst them almost worshiped the mysterious expert. Now that they knew that this mysterious expert was Li Yu, they naturally chose to follow Li Yu.
 …
 Above Five Spirit Peak, Perfected Yan Ji was shocked but elated when he saw the contents of the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 He did not know how to prove his innocence just now and prove that he had lied.
 He did not expect the Heavenly Dao Rankings to expose the true mysterious expert.
 Although he was unsure if Li Yu was the real mysterious expert, he knew that he was definitely related to the Qingyun Sect.
 He hurriedly said, “Senior, Senior, you have seen that Wolf King Tharman’s Tiger Soul Saber is in the hands of Qingyun Sect’s Li Yu and the Scarlet Copper Hammer too.
  “Everyone in our Great Xia Dynasty knows that the person who killed Shi Potian, the Wolf King Tharman, and the Netherworld Demon Sect were all done by the same person!
 “This matter really has nothing to do with our sect. I made up a lie in a moment of confusion. If you want revenge, go and find Qingyun Sect. This must be done by the Qingyun Sect!”
 Hearing Perfected Yan Ji’s words, Crimson Dragon King frowned.
 He also looked at the other two rankings. The first on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, Li Yu, and the first on the Physique Rankings.
 Li Yu was only a 17-year-old brat, and he was clearly not the actual killer.
 However, as the Five Elements Sect Master had said, even if it was not Li Yu, it was definitely related to Qingyun Sect!
 “Where is this Qingyun Sect?” Crimson Dragon King asked coldly.
 “In the Qing Prefecture, near Luo Water Town, on the Nine-tailed Mountain!” Perfected Yan Ji hurriedly replied. He really wished for nothing more than to send this god of death away immediately.
 “Hmph, you think a person like you is worthy of being the master of a sect? What a joke!” Crimson Dragon King glanced at Perfected Yan Ji with disdain.
 As a member of the demonic path, he despised everything that Perfected Yan Ji said and did.
 The disciples of the Five Elements Sect heard their sect master’s words, not to mention Crimson Dragon King.
 They looked down on Perfected Yan Ji and felt ashamed.
 They had never thought that their sect master was so unbearable.
 It was one thing to fabricate a lie and impersonate Li Yu for credit and deceive the world.
 Now that an enemy had come knocking on his door, he was in a hurry to push the blame to the true hero, Li Yu.
 He even wished he could lead the way for that demonic cultivator.
 This sort of behavior was simply no different from a traitor selling his country. He was shameless and had no morals, integrity, or bottom line.
 Many disciples could not help but spit.
 They felt that as an orthodox sect, they should not lack morals. Even if they died for it.
 If they were cowardly and lived ignobly, how could they face the orthodox in the future?
 “Hmph, you actually call yourself an orthodox sect while doing shameless and bottomless things! A person like you deserves death!” Before Crimson Dragon King finished his sentence, he suddenly launched his palm.
 Terrifying magic power gathered to form a gigantic palm print. It was like a firmament that contained the power of heaven and earth.
 It instantly enveloped Perfected Yan Ji and the elders beside him.
 Their expressions changed dramatically. They attempted to evade, but they were locked onto by the Crimson Dragon King’s aura. The surrounding space seemed to have frozen, immobilizing them.
 They could only bring out defensive magic treasures and their powers to block Crimson Dragon King’s attack.
 However, Crimson Dragon King was too powerful, and this strike was in full force.
 Therefore, the power of this palm slammed Perfected Yan Ji and the few elders to death on the spot.
 After killing Perfected Yan Ji and the others, Crimson Dragon King rode the flood dragon into the sky and flew towards Qing Prefecture.
 At this moment, a few more rankings had  been announced on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 10: Frozen Water Sword
 Current Owner: Zhu Xiaotian
 Origin: Zhu Family
 Reward: Natural Spirit Herb—Dao Fortune Fruit
 # 9: Black Flood Dragon War Halberd
  Current Owner: Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon
 Origin: Black Sea Demon Manor
 Reward: Heaven-tier divine power, Heavenly Scale Halberd Art. Natural Spirit Herb—Qilin Flower
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 8: Lingxu Sword
 Current Owner: Perfected Qiong Feng
 Origin: Great Sky Dao Sect
 Reward: Heaven-tier divine power, Dual Sword Art. Natural Spirit Herb—Dao Fortune Fruit
 …
Chapter 61: Li Yu, the True Hero  
 “Sect Master’s Lingxu Sword is only ranked eighth! It’s not in the top five!” Countless disciples of the Great Sky Dao Sect gasped.
 Their sect master’s sword was the famous sword of the Great Xia Dynasty!
 Yet it was only ranked eighth!
 Perfected Qiong Feng also frowned. He never imagined that his Lingxu Sword was only ranked eighth.
 The Divine Weapon Rankings’ value was getting higher.
 “Another greater demon’s divine weapon is on the rankings. It’s in the top ten!”
  “Hey, hey, look at that thirteenth place. The Five Elements Sect’s sect master… is dead!”
 On the Divine Weapon Rankings, after number nine was announced. The Titanic Crescent Heavy Sword owner, Perfected Yan Ji, his name at the thirteenth place had turned gray.
 The word “deceased” appeared after his name.
 Upon seeing this change, those watching the rankings were stunned.
 This was especially so for the members of the Five Elements Sect on the Dao Seeking Square.
 “W-why is the sect master dead? What happened?!” Perfected Jinyang’s expression changed drastically.
 He looked at the two words on the Heavenly Dao Rankings in horror—Deceased.
 “What happened?” Elder Cang Shan, Elder Qingxuan, and the others from the various large sects looked at each other with their eyes wide-opened.
 Why did Perfected Yan Ji of the Five Elements Sect die all of a sudden? What happened to the Five Elements Sect?
 Did the heavens punish him for lying?
 Everyone was shocked while curious.
 “Chen Luo, lead everyone to continue recruiting disciples here. I’m returning to the sect!” Perfected Jinyang felt that something grave must have happened.
 Otherwise, why would the sect master suddenly pass away?
 …
 “My Frozen Water Sword is only ranked tenth?” Zhu Xiaotian’s pupils trembled, and his heart almost froze.
 In his memories, his Frozen Water Sword was supposed to rank seventh.
 Not only did his ranking not improve in this life, but he also ranked tenth, three whole places behind.
 Although he was about to become numb to the blows he had suffered today, Zhu Xiaotian was still unwilling to accept this outcome.
 If only his placing was higher, he could have obtained an additional heaven-tier divine power.
 Unfortunately, the situation in this life was getting worse. All his plans and expectations had come to nothing.
 What was worse was that the mysterious expert was actually Li Yu.
 Now that the Heavenly Dao Rankings had been exposed, his and his family’s reputation would suffer a huge blow.
 He had really shot himself in the foot this time.
 Looking at the disdainful gazes of the surrounding people, he knew that he had really become the laughing stock of countless people.
 Zhu Xiaotian pulled the curtains of the carriage. He did not want to look at the Divine Weapon Rankings anymore, nor did he want to meet those people’s gazes.
 “Back to the Prime Minister’s estate!” Zhu Xiaotian said in a deep voice.
 He lowered his head as if he had lost his soul.
 “Giddy up!”
 The carriage driver quickly drove the carriage forward.
 The Divine Weapon Rankings continued to update its ranking…
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 7: Sky Water Sword
 Original Owner: Shan Ruoshui
 Current Owner: Li Yu
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: Heaven-tier cultivation technique, Virtuous Water Art. Natural Spirit Herb—Sea Soul Grass.
 “It’s Li Yu again. Heavens, Li Yu is on the rankings again!”
 “Isn’t this Sky Water Sword the cornerstone divine weapon of the Heavenly Water Pavilion? Why is it in Li Yu’s hands?”
 “Yeah, wasn’t the Heavenly Water Pavilion destroyed by the demon child?”
 “It’s rumored that Shan Ruoshui sacrificed her blood essence and Essence Soul to stimulate the tremendous power of the Sky Water Sword in an attempt to kill the demon child. She failed, and the Sky Water Sword was devoured by the demon child.”
  “This should mean that the demon child was killed by Li Yu, so the Sky Water Sword fell into his hands!”
 “That might be it. The demon child suddenly disappeared after destroying the Heavenly Water Pavilion. It seems like it has  been killed by Li Yu!”
 “My heavens, Li Yu is the guardian angel of my Grand Xia Dynasty. Shi Potian wreaked havoc in his territory, so he killed Shi Potian. The Demon Child appeared and destroyed the Heavenly Water Pavilion, so he killed the Demon Child. The Netherworld Demon Sect colluded with the Wolf King Clan to bring chaos to the Mo Prefecture, and he killed the Wolf King and eliminated the Netherworld Demon Sect! If it wasn’t for him, I really don’t dare to imagine what the current Grand Xia Dynasty would have become!”
 “This is what a true hero is made of. He has done so much for our Great Xia Dynasty, but no one knew about it until now!”
 “That’s right. If not for the Heavenly Dao Rankings, we probably would not have known that Li Yu had always been silently protecting our Great Xia Dynasty and the commoners of the world!”
 “That’s right. I feel that Li Yu put the entire world on his shoulders, all alone! A young man at only 17 years old. His young shoulders have carried a burden that shouldn’t be borne at his age.
 “As for those so-called orthodox sects who enjoy the heavy offerings of the Great Xia Dynasty and the respect and support of the commoners, what are they doing? They all spoke of benevolence and morality, but in reality, they only cared about secular benefits. They plot and fight for resources and schemes for the benefits of their sects and how to steal Li Yu’s credit!”
 “I find myself tearing up suddenly. Li Yu is so powerful, but he never brags. He did so much for the millions of citizens of our Great Xia Dynasty, but he never left his name behind to be known. He silently gave his all without asking for anything in return. Instead, some hypocritical sects and despicable people seize the chance to take his credit. It really makes me furious for his sake.”
 At that moment, countless people were touched. Some even had tears in their eyes.
 To them, the Divine Weapon Rankings no longer seem like the ranking for divine weapons.
 It was the list of a hero’s legacy!
 Every weapon he owned seemed to speak of the sweat and tears Li Yu had rendered for the Great Xia Dynasty and the commoners of the world.
 A hero serves the country and its people, and Li Yu perfectly exemplified that saying.
 He was a hero, a worthy hero, a great hero who should be respected by all people.
 At that moment, everyone looked at Li Yu’s name with reverence.
 “Hmph, how could the Five Elements Sect have the cheek to say that their Patriarch killed the Wolf King and destroyed the Netherworld Demon Sect? How shameless!”
 “A dignified orthodox sect actually stooped to do such despicable things. It’s really disgusting. I think that Perfected Yan Ji will suffer the wrath of heaven sooner or later!”
 “Look, the Five Elements Sect Master is dead!”
 “Oh really? Good! Such a shameless person isn’t fit to be the master of a sect. Well deserved!”
 “Hmph, looks like karma has arrived. No way did the Heavenly Dao Rankings couldn’t take it anymore and directly kill him, right?”
 “Hahaha! Perhaps!”
 Outside the Dao Seeking Square, in the carriage. Murong Xingqiao studied the latest ranking and was shocked again.
 “You were the one who got rid of the demon child!”
 Murong Xingqiao felt she had goosebumps all over her body.
 One after the other, she had witnessed the appearance of these rankings and heard about the events that had caused a stir not long ago.
 It turned out that the person who had been guarding the Great Xia Dynasty was Li Yu.
 The person who had pulled the Great Xia Dynasty back from the brink of disaster time and time again. It was this man in front of her.
 “Ah yes.” Li Yu smiled, and he remained carefree as if this matter was not worth mentioning.
 How much have you done for the Great Xia Dynasty?  Murong Xingqiao was truly moved.
 If not for Li Yu, the current Great Xia Dynasty would probably be in chaos.
 It might not even exist anymore.
 The greater demon, the demon child, the Wolf King Clan, the Netherworld Demon Sect. These threats had threatened the safety of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 They were all eliminated by Li Yu, who had brought peace and stability to the Great Xia Dynasty.
 He was the worthy hero of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 However, no one knew he had done all of this before the new rankings.
 Even Murong Xingqiao had once regarded the Five Elements Sect and the Zhu family as heroes.
 Although she was skeptical of Zhu Xiaotian’s words initially, news of the Five Elements Sect spread afterward, and they took out the head of Wolf King Tharman as evidence.
 It made her believe it too.
  If not for the Heavenly Dao Rankings, she probably would not have known that the actual hero was Li Yu.
 It was the peerless prodigy who kept giving her surprises and shocks.
 Li Yu had done so much for the Great Xia Dynasty and the commoners. Yet, he had never bragged about it. In fact, he had never even mentioned it to her. What sort of heroic spirit and broad-mindedness was that?
 This was a man with an indomitable spirit. He fully deserved to be hailed as a hero.
 After thinking till that point, Murong Xingqiao’s eyes glowed even more. There seemed to be a trace of admiration and tenderness in her gaze as well.
 It made Li Yu embarrassed!
 Fortunately, he knew that Murong Xingqiao was a girl. Otherwise, he probably could not sit still anymore!
 …
Chapter 62: Cultivator Li, Please Accept Our Bow  
 In the Jade Pure Dao Sect. After Perfected Yu Hua knew of Perfected Yan Ji’s death from the Heavenly Dao Rankings, he quickly sent someone to the Five Elements Sect to check on the situation.
 “Maybe Perfected Yan Ji realized that his lie had been exposed and felt that his reputation had been swept to the ground? He probably committed suicide out of shame!” Elder Taiwu scoffed.
 “It’s true that there’s such a possibility. If I fabricated such a lie and got exposed, I couldn’t bear to live in this world anymore due to shame!” Another elder commented.
 “Hmph, if you ask me, he deserves it. He’s blinded by the benefits and committed such immoral things! This sort of person isn’t fit to be the master of a sect, nor is he fit to declare himself a part of the orthodox path. He has embarrassed us orthodox sects!” The few elders discussed animatedly.
 As they spoke, they saw who was in seventh place.
 “The Sky Water Sword! The Sky Water Sword is in Li Yu’s hand too!” Perfected Yu Hua was shocked again.
  Although Li Yu had been on the list several times, Perfected Yu Hua did not expect the Sky Water Sword to be in Li Yu’s hands.
 “In that case, the demon child was also killed by the Qingyun Sect! No wonder he suddenly disappeared!”
 “The Qingyun Sect has really done a lot for our Great Xia Dynasty!”
 “After today, the reputation of Qingyun Sect will definitely soar. With the robust foundation accumulated by the Netherworld Demon Sect, it won’t be long before their sect enters the first tier of our Great Xia!”
 “Hmm, this is also a blessing for our Great Xia Dynasty. With the rise of such a powerful sect, our Great Xia orthodox sects will prosper, and the sinister devils shall retreat. Our Great Xia Dynasty will have a bright future again!”
 “That’s right. If the Qingyun Sect did not help our Great Xia Dynasty eliminate the Netherworld Demon Sect and the demon child, I’m afraid that all of us orthodox sects would have suffered!”
 “Taiwu, after the Divine Weapon Rankings finished its announcement, follow me to visit the Qingyun Sect!” Perfected Yu Hua requested.
 He was well aware the Qingyun Sect was an orthodox sect that genuinely cared about the world, and it shared the same ideals as the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 They naturally had to build a good relationship with them and assist each other in the future. Together, they would safeguard the peace of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 On the Dao Seeking Square, the shock in the hearts of Elder Cang Shan, Elder Qingxuan, and the others could not be any greater.
 “The demon child was really killed by Li Yu. What Ye Qiu said is true!”
 “Li Yu is truly the hero of our Great Xia Dynasty!”
 “We all owe our lives to Li Yu!”
 The various large sects knew inside that if Li Yu had not acted in time to kill that demon child, it was a matter of time they would be slaughtered by the demon child.
 The miserable state of the Heavenly Water Pavilion was still fresh in their minds.
 The fear that the demon child gave them still sent chills down their spines.
 Now that they confirmed that the demon child was really killed, they could finally feel at ease.
 “Ye Qiu, where is Cultivator Li?” Elder Cang Shan asked.
 “Yeah. Why can’t we see Cultivator Li around? We must thank him in person!” Elder Qingxuan added.
 “Indeed, we all owe Cultivator Li a thank you!” The elders of the other sects echoed.
 They were grateful to Li Yu from the bottom of their hearts, and some even felt guilty.
 It could be said that without Li Yu, their various sects would still be oppressed by the fiend sects and the various demons.
 Yet, they had previously suspected that Ye Qiu was lying and was unwilling to believe that Li Yu was that mysterious expert.
 In hindsight, they were too narrow-minded and inexperienced after all.
 On the other hand, Li Yu had silently done so much for the Great Xia Dynasty, but he had never asked for credit from anyone.
 They were truly ashamed of their inferiority compared to Li Yu.
 “My Senior Brother just went to chat with the Crown Prince. He should be at the side of the Dao Seeking Square!” Ye Qiu replied.
 “Alright, we’ll express our gratitude to Cultivator Li at once!” Elder Cang Shan suggested.
 Everyone agreed, and then they marched out of the square to where the Crown Prince was.
 At the same time, a new name appeared on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 6: Tianwen Sword
 Current Owner: Murong Cang
 Origin: Emperor of the Great Xia Dynasty
 Reward: Heaven-tier divine power, Azure Lotus Sword Art. Natural Spirit Herb—Three Soul Grass
 “The Three Soul Grass! This is great! This is wonderful! Father can be saved!” Murong Xingqiao was absolutely thrilled when she saw the rewards for the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 Ten years ago, Murong Cang caught a strange illness. His body became weaker by the day, and he was dispirited. No one in the country could diagnose the condition.
 Murong Cang was a Nascent Soul realm cultivator. With his cultivation and strength, it was nearly impossible to fall ill.
 It was not until last year, when he was fortunate enough to invite an elder from the Clear Void Holy Land who specialized in medicine, that Murong Cang was confirmed to be inflicted with an extremely peculiar poison of a curse.
 This poison was hard to discover. It would slowly corrode the soul until the poisoned person’s soul dissipated.
 If Murong Cang was not a Nascent Soul realm expert, and without a powerful soul and a strong will, he would probably be long dead.
 Unfortunately, although he had confirmed that Murong Cang was poisoned by the curse, that expert could not remove the poison for Murong Cang.
 However, he mentioned that the Three Soul Grass had an excellent suppressive effect on this cursed poison. Although he was unsure if it could be cured, it would definitely provide good treatment and relief.
 Still, the Three Soul Grass was extremely rare, and it was a priceless treasure that could only be encountered by chance.
 In the past year, the Great Xia Dynasty had searched everywhere but did not find any Three Soul Grass.
 She did not expect the Heavenly Dao Rankings would reward her father with a Three Soul Grass.
 If her father could obtain a Three Soul Grass every month from the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the future, even if his poison could not be removed entirely, he should be able to live on for many more years.
 Li Yu stared at Murong Xingqiao in astonishment.
 Don’t the princes in those drama series all hope that their father would die soon so they could ascend the throne as early as possible?  I guess Murong Xingqiao isn’t interested in power at all.  Since she doesn’t want to be the emperor, I might as well trick her into becoming a disciple of our Qingyun Sect.  Now that I have Ye Qiu and Ji Qinglan, if I can recruit Murong Xingqiao into the Qingyun Sect, I would have completed three out of ten talented disciples.  As Li Yu’s imagination ran wild, a commotion broke out in the square.
 Following that, the nearby guards yelled, “Stop! What are you doing!”
 “We wish to pay our respects to Cultivator Li Yu. Is he here?” someone asked.
 Li Yu and Murong Xingqiao heard the noise outside and walked out of the carriage with curiosity.
 A vast group of people poured over from the square.
 At a glance, there were probably ten thousand people. It was really like a human tide. The visual impact was stunning.
 At the front of the crowd were the elders of the various large sects as well as Ye Qiu and Su Mu.
 Everyone’s burning gazes converged on Li Yu when they saw him walk out of the carriage.
  Elder Cang Shan stepped forward, cupped his hands, and shouted, “Cultivator Li, please accept our bow!”
 After saying that, he bowed and cupped his hands. The ten thousand people behind him responded in unison and bowed as well, shouting in unison, “Cultivator Li, please accept our bow!”
 The ten thousand people shouted in unison.
 It seemed to converge into an incomparably solemn impetus that reverberated through the heavens and the earth, anyone who heard it would be moved.
 Murong Xingqiao, who was used to being kowtowed by everyone, was struck by the scene in front of her.
 As for Li Yu, he got goosebumps all over his body.
 Be it in his previous life or this one, he had never witnessed such a scene.
 …
Chapter 63: Blood Spirit Monarch  
 Murong Xingqiao looked at Li Yu and felt proud of him.
 Li Yu was worthy of everyone’s bow and worship.
 Hence, she bowed and cupped her hands to Li Yu as well.
 At the sight of this, the surrounding guards knelt on one knee and kowtowed to Li Yu in unison.
 “Elder Nie, do I still have a chance to defeat Li Yu?”
 In the square, Ji Qinglan listened to the voice that reverberated through the area. Looking at the scene of ten thousand people kowtowing, he was rather shocked.
  He was born into a family of emperors, and it was common for him to be kowtowed by tens of thousands of people. However, those people only bowed due to their status, like greetings out of normalcy.
 Meanwhile, these people were like devout believers kowtowing to the god in their hearts.
 Those sincere words and sincere voices seemed to be able to stir up the power of heaven and earth to compact a sense of reverence.
 When he thought of Ye Qiu’s conversation with everyone not long ago, it struck him more.
 He assumed that Li Yu was merely strong, but he did not expect Li Yu’s involvement in that many earth-shattering events.
 Compared to Li Yu, he was simply not worthy of being the first on the Xi Liang Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 “Well, there’s still a chance. Your talent isn’t inferior to his, but you have to work harder in your cultivation!” Old Nie said earnestly.
 Despite saying that, Elder Nie thought otherwise.
 Not only Ji Qinglan, but even his old self also could not compare to Li Yu.
 He had heard of the demon child in the past.
 He guessed that the demon child’s strength had been greatly reduced after being sealed for countless years.
 However, this seventeen-year-old kid, Li Yu, could kill the demon child and destroy a sect.
 Such strength was definitely a freak amongst monsters.
 He had never seen anything like this in his thousands of years of life.
 It could be said that the difference between Ji Qinglan and Li Yu was not just a hundred million bits.
 However, in order to not break Ji Qinglan’s confidence, he could only lie.
 Hmm, I guess it’s a white lie!  “Really?” Elder Nie’s words made Ji Qinglan feel a little better.
 Hot-blooded feelings slowly surged into his heart, and his fighting spirit was reignited as he looked at Li Yu, who was kowtowed by everyone in the distance.
 I must work hard from now on. Defeating him shall be my only goal in life!?Ji Qinglan thought.
 …
 At the same time, the news of fifth place on the Heavenly Dao Rankings was announced.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 5: Blood Spirit Sword
 Current Owner: Blood Spirit Monarch
 Origin: Blood Demon Cave
 Reward: Low-grade Immortal Art, Blood Shadow Demon Art. Natural Spirit Herb—Blood Bodhi
 “Blood Spirit Monarch?”
 “Another greater demon is now in fifth!”
 “Heavens, this fifth place is actually rewarded with an Immortal-tier art!”
 “This greater demon’s name sounds powerful!”
 “But I’ve never heard of the Blood Spirit Monarch before!”
 “Yeah, I’ve never heard of the Blood Demon Cave either!”
 “It might be a once sealed ancient greater demon. It must have just come out!”
 “In an era where demons are rampant, it’s not surprising for a new greater demon to appear!”
 Everyone talked animatedly. Although they were surprised to see the Blood Spirit Monarch, no one really panicked.
 They knew they had someone to rely on.
 And that was Li Yu!
 At that moment, Li Yu’s lips curled into a smile as he looked at the Blood Spirit Monarch’s name.
 Hmm, another EXP ATM!?Li Yu thought.
 …
  In the Jade Pure Dao Sect, Perfected Yu Hua was also puzzled when the Blood Spirit Monarch’s name appeared.
 They knew about the Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon on the rankings. It should be the strongest demon in the Great Xia Dynasty currently.
 It lived in the largest lake in the Yun Prefecture, the Black Sea, and was extremely difficult to deal with.
 Hidden in the Black Sea, it was even stronger than Shi Potian. It was not easy to eliminate it.
 Previously, Perfected Yu Hua traveled there personally but had not been able to get rid of it. He had even provoked it to create a monstrous wave that almost implicated the commoners again.
 The Clear Void Holy Land of the Huaxia State had  promised to send experts to subdue that greater demon in the near future.
 Unexpectedly, before the Black Sea Flood Dragon was eliminated, another Blood Spirit Monarch of the Blood Demon Cave had surfaced. Furthermore, no one had heard of it before. They felt that it was another enormous hidden threat.
 “It’s probably a newly emerged greater demon!” commented Elder Taiwu.
 “From the looks of it, the Heavenly Dao reward seems to be flying toward the Qing Prefecture.”
 “Qing Prefecture is quite the producer of monsters!”
 “We’ll pay a visit to Qingyun Sect later and investigate the Blood Spirit Monarch in Qing Prefecture!”
 …
 At the same time, in a hidden underground cave in the area adjoining the Qing Prefecture and the Yun Prefecture.
 The blood in a giant blood pool rolled as ferocious ghostly figures struggled in the blood, letting out ghost-like wails.
 Scarlet bloody glimmer and the smell of blood filled the entire cave, making it seem like purgatory.
 A demonic-looking man floated in the air above the blood pool. His figure was illusory at times and corporeal at other times, a strange sight to behold.
 He was the Blood Spirit Monarch, someone who had been sealed for tens of thousands of years.
 If he hadn’t received the help of that Young Master, he would still be floating in that formless mass until now, and he would be unaware of the passage of time.
 At that moment, two golden lights flew through the stone wall.
 One fused into his glabella while the other landed in his palm.
 After a moment, his eyes opened abruptly, and a smile surfaced on his face. However, this smile seemed rather sinister on his face.
 “Divine Weapon Rankings? Bwahahaha, not bad. An immortal art, Blood Shadow Demon Art, and a natural spirit herb, Blood Bodhi. Even the heavens are helping me!” The Blood Spirit Monarch was euphoric.
 Although he did not know about the current appearance of the Divine Weapon Rankings, he knew about the Heavenly Dao Rankings from before.
 Furthermore, when he had just comprehended the Blood Shadow Demon Art, he had instantly learned that this was the reward from the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 He had just stepped into the Profound Void Martial Stage, and his cultivation was still unstable. With this Blood Bodhi, he could stabilize his cultivation completely. He could also establish an excellent foundation that would improve his cultivation in the future.
 Furthermore, his powers could undergo a metamorphosis with this Blood Bodhi, reaching a new level.
 Not only that, but the Blood Shadow Demon Art seemed to be tailor-made for him.
 It simply multiplied his strength like a tiger with wings.
 Now that everything is ready, all that’s left is a powerful furnace!?The Blood Spirit Demon Emperor thought to himself.
 A name surfaced in his mind—Human Body.
 At this moment, a stooped figure walked in and bowed. “Congratulations, Your Majesty, for obtaining the Heavenly Dao’s reward!”
 “Have you found out the Qingyun Sect’s location?” the Blood Spirit Monarch asked plainly.
 “I found it! It’s in the Qing Prefecture, on the Nine-tailed Mountain beside Luo Water Town!” The stooped figure replied.
 “Very good!” A sinister smile returned to the Blood Spirit Monarch’s lips.
 His current body was condensed from blood plasma and not his actual body.
 Although this state did not affect his power, he knew very well that he could not enter the Tribulation realm in the Blood Spirit state.
 Therefore, he needed to possess a furnace in order to fully resurrect himself.
 Of course, finding a suitable furnace was not easy.
 Those Dao Bodies, Spirit Bodies, Sword Bodies, and other special physiques had suppressive and backlash effects on his blood spirit. They were not suitable for his possession.
 Instead, the most ordinary human body was the most suitable choice.
  He did not fancy any ordinary human body, however.
 Fortunately, the 3000 Physique Rankings that appeared not long ago allowed him to discover the perfect furnace—Li Yu.
 The body surpassed the Connate Sword Body and the Grand Yan Dao Body to rank at the top.
 The body even helped Li Yu obtain an additional reward from the Heavenly Dao, one evaluated by the Heavenly Dao to be comparable to a god.
 To him, it was simply a furnace bestowed by the heavens.
 If his blood spirit fused with Li Yu’s body, he could definitely transform into the most powerful lifeform in the world.
 “To the Qingyun Sect!” The Blood Spirit Monarch stood up as his blood aura surged.
 …
Chapter 64: Now That’s Better  
 As Perfected Yu Hua and the elders discussed the Blood Spirit Monarch, the fourth place on the Divine Weapon Rankings was announced.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 4: Three Purities Sword
 Current Owner: Perfected Yu Hua
 Origin: Jade Pure Dao Sect
 Reward: Low-grade immortal technique, Heaven Slaying Seven Stances. Natural Spirit Herb—Dao Comprehension Fruit.
 “Fourth?” Perfected Yu Hua was slightly surprised.
  Although he knew that his Three Purities Sword might not be number one, he did not expect that it could not even make the top three.
 It only ranked fourth in the end.
 Who’ll be in the top three then?
 Perfected Yu Hua wondered.
 Although his ranking disappointed him, he was still delighted with the rewards from the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 Their Jade Pure Dao Sect finally had immortal-tier techniques.
 Furthermore, the Dao Comprehension Fruit could also improve his comprehension of Dao techniques and cultivation.
 With the rewards of the Heavenly Dao Rankings, his cultivation and strength could improve further.
 “Congratulations, Sect Master!”
 Everyone cupped their fists in congratulations.
 Although they were also surprised by the fourth place, everyone’s mentality had clearly changed after experiencing the previous Physique Rankings.
 Without the Heavenly Dao Rankings, they would never know how many unbelievable things there were in this world!
 “The third place is out!” Everyone’s gazes gathered on the Heavenly Dao Rankings again.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 3: Reverse Scale Sword
 Current Owner: Ji Qinglan
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: Low-grade immortal technique, Heaven Smiting Sword Art. Natural Spirit Herb—Silver Dragon Lotus.
 “Ji Qinglan is on the rankings again. Hold on, why is his background…” Perfected Yu Hua revealed a look of astonishment.
 He looked at Ji Qinglan’s background in disbelief—Qingyun Sect.
 “How did Ji Qinglan become a member of the Qingyun Sect?”
 “Look at that Physique Rankings. Ji Qinglan’s origin has changed too!” All the elders were also filled with amazement.
 At the moment, Ji Qinglan’s background detail on the Physique Rankings had  become the ‘Qingyun Sect.’
 “Ji Qinglan entered the Qingyun Sect?” Everyone looked at each other in astonishment.
 They did not know about Ji Qinglan and Li Yu’s bet yet, which was why they were so shocked at this time.
 However, Perfected Yu Hua quickly figured it out. “I’m afraid Li Yu is playing the same old trick again. Hahaha, this kid…”
 Upon hearing Perfected Yu Hua’s words, the elders came to a realization and laughed as well.
 They had heard about the incident where Li Yu played the various large sects.
 Therefore, they guessed that Ji Qinglan was tricked when he challenged Li Yu.
 “Li Yu has avenged our Great Xia Dynasty!”
 “Haha, that’s right. Ji Qinglan became a Qingyun Sect disciple. Now the Physique Rankings look much better!”
 “The Divine Weapon Rankings are getting more and more interesting today!”
 At this moment, countless people from the Great Xia Dynasty who had also not seen the battle between Li Yu and Ji Qinglan were also incomparably shocked when they saw the rankings.
 Ji Qinglan’s challenge in the Great Xia Dynasty was known by everyone because of his ranking on the Physique Rankings.
 After they saw that Ji Qinglan’s background had become Qingyun Sect, everyone was also filled with doubts at the beginning, but they quickly figured it out too.
 Li Yu won!
 Moreover, it was likely a complete victory, which might cause Ji Qinglan to suffer an unprecedented blow.
 It made him feel ashamed of his inferiority, caused his confidence to collapse, made him submit to Li Yu, and even might become Li Yu’s disciple on the spot.
 “This Qingyun Sect is amazing. It actually took Ji Qinglan under its wing!”
 “Haha, now the 3000 Physique Rankings are much more pleasing to the eye!”
  “As expected of the Heavenly Dao Rankings, it hides the secrets of the heavens. For Ji Qinglan to be on the Physique Rankings, it seems like the Heavenly Dao knew that he would become a Qingyun Sect disciple!”
 “This is going to be interesting. The prince of the Xi Liang Dynasty, the top prodigy on their Hidden Dragon Rankings, has actually become a sect disciple of our Great Xia Dynasty. Fascinating!”
 Countless people discussed excitedly. They felt that the news from the Divine Weapon Rankings this time was too explosive.
 The content was enough for them to converse for over a year.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 2: Demonic Carnage Sword
 Original Owner: Mo Lin
 Current Owner: Li Yu
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: Low-grade Immortal Art, Demonic Immortal-Slaughtering Art. Natural Spirit Herb—Spirit Blood Herb.
 The moment the second place on the Divine Weapon Rankings was announced, everyone was stunned.
 The sect masters of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, the Great Sky Dao Sect, the Star Dou Sect, and the other orthodox sects could not help but be shocked.
 “Demonic Carnage Sword? Mo Lin had  forged the Demonic Carnage Sword!” Perfected Yu Hua was shocked.
 According to Zhu Xiaotian, Mo Lin lacked the metal spirit body and could not forge the Demonic Carnage Sword.
 It seemed that the information Zhu Xiaotian gave was not accurate.
 “I didn’t expect Mo Lin to forge the Demonic Carnage Sword. Fortunately, the Netherworld Demon Sect was destroyed. Otherwise, there would be no end of trouble!”
 “However, in that case, before the Netherworld Demon Sect was destroyed, Mo Lin had  forged the Demonic Carnage Sword. Even so, they were still annihilated. This… just how strong is the Qingyun Sect Master!”
 “That’s right. With Mo Lin’s cultivation, if he really forged the Demonic Carnage Sword, no one should be able to kill him without the cultivation of the Profound Void Martial Stage!”
 “Elder Taiwu, follow me now!” Perfected Yu Hua ordered. He could not wait to see the Qingyun Sect Master and see who he was.
 Just then, number one on the Heavenly Dao Rankings finally appeared.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 1: An ordinary-looking sword
 Current Owner: Li Yu
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Reward: High-grade immortal technique, Heart of the Sword Art. Natural Spirit Herb—Coiling Dragon Flower.
 Additional Reward: Secret
 “It’s Li Yu again!”
 Everyone was no longer surprised by this outcome.
 After all, Li Yu  occupied almost one-third of the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 If it wasn’t Li Yu, they would find it strange.
 However, the divine weapon baffled everyone again.
 The first on the Divine Weapon Rankings was actually an ordinary sword!
 In that case, what were those divine weapons behind supposed to be?
 Rubbish?
 “Haha, as expected of Li Yu’s sword. The name is always so unique!”
 “The Heavenly Dao Rankings tells us again that the stranger the name, the stronger the person is!”
 “It seems that Li Yu not only cultivated an ordinary physique to the strongest, but he also refined an ordinary sword into a peerless divine weapon! Impressive, marvelous!”
 “The Heavenly Dao Rankings has bestowed an additional reward to Li Yu again. Eh? What is this secret thing?”
 “The additional reward this time is kept a secret? This is too suspenseful!”
 “That’s right, what is the reward? Why did they keep it a secret!”
 “Since it’s a secret, it must be a heaven-defying treasure. It’s probably the kind of peerless treasure that can start a war!”
  “Mm, that’s possible, but what kind of treasure is it? I really want to know!”
 Upon seeing the word ‘secret’ on the Heavenly Dao Rankings, it piqued the interest of countless people.
 However, other than Li Yu, no one else in the world would know what the additional reward was.
 On the Dao Seeking Square, Murong Xingqiao, Ye Qiu, Elder Cang Shan, and the group of people that came to pay their respects to Li Yu withdrew their gazes from the Heavenly Dao Rankings and focused on Li Yu again.
 Everyone’s eyes were filled with curiosity, and some were even bottled up. They were just short of asking what the additional reward was.
 Still, everyone was sensible. Since the Heavenly Dao did not announce the additional reward, they naturally should not ask too much.
 Three golden lights flew over from the Heavenly Dao Rankings. Two of them entered Li Yu’s body, and the other landed in Li Yu’s hand, turning into a Coiling Dragon Flower that he kept in the system storage space.
 …
Chapter 65: Li Qingyun’s Name  In the Qingyun Sect, hundreds of craftsmen were sweating profusely under the hot sun, busy renovating the Daoist temple.
 At this moment, a dragon’s roar sounded from the sky, scaring the craftsmen as they looked to the sky.
 A flood dragon appeared in the sky, and a person was standing on the dragon’s head. It was none other than the Crimson Dragon King of the Netherworld Cult.
 “Li Yu, get the hell out here to face your death!” Crimson Dragon King’s voice was like a thunderclap that resounded through the sky, and the sound wave contained magic power fluctuations.
 It shook the craftsmen with mortal bodies to the ground, unable to move.
 “Who is here!” Wu Chang flew out accompanied by a scream.
 However, when he saw who it was, Wu Chang’s expression slightly changed as he exclaimed, “Crimson Dragon King!”
  “Wu Chang, why are you here?” Crimson Dragon King was also perplexed.
 “I’ve  followed the Qingyun Sect Master!” Wu Chang replied.
 Crimson Dragon King’s expression turned cold as he berated, “You fence-sitter, you should be buried with my junior brother!”
 “Crimson Dragon King, the Qingyun Sect isn’t that simple. I’ll advise you to return. Otherwise, you might follow in Mo Lin’s footsteps!” Wu Chang snapped coldly.
 “Hmph, then I want to see which immortal is hiding in this small temple?” Crimson Dragon King sneered as the flood dragon beneath his feet roared, shaking the earth.
 “Hey Crimson Dragon King, long time no see!” A carefree laugh sounded as Li Qingyun walked out of the main hall. With a single step, he arrived in the air.
 The moment he saw Li Qingyun, Crimson Dragon King’s face turned as he frowned. “It’s you!”
 The flood dragon under his feet trembled in fear, and its voice stopped abruptly as its body shrunk.
 “It’s been many years since we last met. And the great Crimson Dragon King has  stepped into the Profound Void Martial Stage. Wow, this loach has grown a lot!” Li Qingyun said with a smile as he looked at the dragon.
 However, his smile was like a sinister smile in the eyes of the Crimson Dragon King.
 Crimson Dragon King was secretly shocked. He did not expect the Qingyun Sect to be so remarkable.
 Since it was Li Qingyun, no wonder Mo Lin was dead.
 However, back then, Li Qingyun’s cultivation was crippled, and all his meridians were broken by his enemy, turning him into a cripple.
 He did not expect Li Qingyun to re-cultivate back to his original level. Indeed, a genius was a genius. Even if he was sent into the abyss, he could still return to the peak.
 However, Crimson Dragon King was not afraid. Although Li Qingyun used to be powerful back in the day and even slightly superior to him, he should have wasted a hundred years cultivating again.
 Meanwhile, his cultivation had  successfully entered the Profound Void Martial Stage for a hundred years. It would be easy to kill Li Qingyun.
 “Hmph, cut the crap. You killed my junior brother, so let’s settle our old and new scores today!”
 “Sure! But wait a moment!” Li Qingyun said calmly. Then, he looked to the south and waved his hand. “Come, my sword!”
 …
 Clear Void Holy Land south of the Huaxia continent.
 Over ten thousand disciples focused their attention on the Divine Weapon Rankings in the sky. They hoped that their Holy Land’s Holy Lord, Perfected Taiqing, would reach the top of the Divine Weapon Rankings with his Void Divine Sword.
 The Clear Void Holy Land was located in the Heavenly Fate Dynasty, one of the three eternal empires of the Huaxia continent.
 The entire Huaxia continent was vast, and the Black Mist Mountain Range divided it into the north and south regions.
 For example, the Great Xia Dynasty and the Xi Liang Dynasty were located in the north region, while the Heavenly Fate Dynasty was in the south.
 The southern land was prosperous, rich in resources, and spirit energy abundant. Cultivation in the Huaxia continent originated here.
 As one of the three great empires of the southern region, the Heavenly Fate Dynasty’s power was not something any country in the northern region could compare to.
 Its territory was almost the size of the entire north region, and it was home to numerous powerful families and large clans that had existed for tens of thousands of years.
 Therefore, the Heavenly Fate Dynasty’s Divine Weapon Rankings had a great amount of value. 100 weapons were ranked, and the top 23 were at least immortal artifact-level.
 It was common consensus that the strongest divine weapon in the entire Heavenly Fate Dynasty and even the Huaxia continent was their Holy Lord’s Void Divine Sword.
 Although many did not know the exact grade of the sword, it was at least a dao artifact-level divine weapon that was incomparable to those immortal artifacts.
 They believed that no sword in the entire Huaxia continent could rival it.
 “Second place will be coming up soon!”
 Countless disciples were filled with anticipation as they stared at the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 2: Void Divine Sword
 Current Owner: Perfected Taiqing
 Origin: Clear Void Holy Land…
 “What in the…”
 The entire Clear Void Holy Land was in an uproar. Every disciple looked at the Divine Weapon Rankings in disbelief.
 “The Holy Lord’s Void Divine Sword is only ranked second!”
 “How… How is this possible? He should be at the top!”
 Disbelief and disappointment were written all over the faces of the disciples of the Clear Void Holy Land.
 Of course, Perfected Taiqing and the elders were also unwilling to accept this outcome.
 Perfected Taiqing stood with his hands behind his back in front of the Clear Void Hall with his brows furrowed in silence.
 This outcome surprised him as well. At the same time, he was curious to see what kind of divine weapon was ranked first and who its owner was.
 Soon, the golden light on the Divine Weapon Rankings intensified as the information about number one slowly revealed itself.
 Everyone from the Clear Void Holy Land looked over with furrowed brows.
 Divine Weapon Ranking # 1: Dragon Slaying Sword
 Current Owner: Li Qingyun
 Reward: High-grade immortal art, Nine Annihilation Divine Seal. Natural Spirit Herb—Vermillion Bird Grass
 “Huh…”
 The moment the top spot was announced, the entire Clear Void Holy Land blew up. Shocked cries were like raging waves that reverberated in the sky above the Clear Void Holy Land.
 “The first place is actually the Dragon Slaying Sword!”
 “How is this possible? That sword is on the rankings too!”
 “Curses, what is this? What right does that sword have to be in the first place!”
 Countless Clear Void Holy Land disciples roared in resentment. Their angry gazes gathered on the mountain at the back of the main peak. There was a giant rock with the words ‘Clear Void Holy Land’ engraved on it.
 It was said that the enormous rock was an immortal stone that fell from the nine heavens. It was extremely hard, and even an Immortal Artifact would find it difficult to leave a mark on it.
 The words “Clear Void Holy Land” were carved by the Clear Void Holy Land’s founding ancestor’s good friend, Sword Immortal Nie Yongan.
 Even after tens of thousands of years, there was still no trace of mottled marks on the enormous rock, and its hardness was evident.
 Yet, there was a sword stuck in the boulder.
 That was the Dragon Slaying Sword ranked first on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 This sword was a disgrace and a threat to the Clear Void Holy Land.
 That man had killed his way into the Clear Void Holy Land with only a sword and took on the entire Clear Void Holy Land by himself, all for that demonic girl.
 He had killed more than ten Soul Formation Stage elders of the Clear Void Holy Land and severely injured Perfected Taiqing.
 If not for Divine Firmament Holy Lord’s timely arrival, the Clear Void Holy Land might have been destroyed by him alone.
 However, before he left, he hurled the Dragon Slaying Sword at the immortal stone and stabbed it into the character ‘Clear’ of the Clear Void Holy Land.
 He also vowed the day he pulled out the sword would be the day of the Clear Void Holy Land’s destruction.
 The vow from that fateful day was like the shadow of death, enveloping the hearts of everyone from the Clear Void Holy Land.
  That sword was like a thorn stabbed into their hearts.
 Later on, they found out that Li Qingyun had  become a cripple, and his fate was unknown.
 It made them feel more at ease.
 However, that sword had always been like a pillar of humiliation. Every time the disciples saw it, they felt their faces burn with shame!
 In the past one hundred years, the Clear Void Holy Land had tried various methods to pull out the Dragon Slaying Sword, but to no avail.
 Who would have thought that the Dragon Slaying Sword would actually ascend to the top of the Heavenly Dao Divine Weapon Rankings?
 This was simply tearing open their old wounds again and executing them publicly.
 …
Chapter 66: Qingyun Sect in Danger  
 “Li Qingyun is still alive!” Perfected Taiqing’s face turned grim when he saw Li Qingyun’s name on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 Thinking of the calamity back then, Perfected Taiqing felt uneasy.
 However, right at this moment, a sword howl resounded from the immortal stone.
 Hum! The sky seemed to tremble. So did Perfected Taiqing and countless disciples of the Clear Void Holy Land.
 On the immortal stone, the Dragon Slaying Sword seemed to have awakened. Sword gleams burst off as the sword vibrated, emitting sword hums.
 Then, with a buzz, it flew out of the immortal stone. After that, it instantly disappeared on the spot with a flash as if it had teleported.
  “This…” Perfected Taiqing was horrified.
 The Dragon Slaying Sword had awakened, and Li Qingyun had returned.
 At the same time, two golden lights flew out of the Heavenly Dao Rankings and headed north.
 “…”
 The entire Clear Void Holy Land seemed to fall silent for a moment. Everyone was as quiet as cicadas in the winter.
 Although young disciples had not experienced the calamity back then, they had heard of various versions of the legends and knew about the threatening words Li Qingyun had said back then.
 Fear began to spread through their hearts.
 “Holy Lord, since the Dragon Slaying Sword has flown away, we can consider it as removing a thorn in our hearts!” An elder persuaded.
 “Indeed. Also, Li Qingyun’s cultivation has been crippled, and his meridians have been destroyed. Even if he cultivates again, he won’t achieve much. We don’t have to be too worried!”
 “That’s right. Now that a hundred years have passed, our sect’s strength has advanced a step further. Our cultivation isn’t inferior to the Li Qingyun of that year. You, our sect master, have even stepped into the Tribulation realm. Even the Li Qingyun of the past was absolutely not your match!” The other elders echoed in agreement.
 After all, they could not allow Li Qingyun’s threat to shake their Dao hearts.
 “Mm, I’m not afraid of Li Qingyun. I just thought of something that happened in the past and had needless worries. Alright, the Divine Weapon Rankings have ended. Time to disperse everyone!”
 “Yes, Sect Master!” Everyone cupped their hands and dispersed while Perfected Taiqing returned to the hall.
 After the Clear Void Holy Land’s Great Elder, Perfected Wandao, returned to Taiyue Peak, he immediately summoned his personal disciples. “The Lingtian Mystic Realm is about to open. The few of you shall get ready to travel up north and inform the Huaxia sect alliance members to make preparations. In the meantime, investigate and see if you can obtain any news regarding Li Qingyun!”
     

 …
 Above Qingyun Sect. As soon as he finished his sentence, a longsword circulating with green light seemed to have teleported over.
 It instantly appeared in his hand. Following that, a sword hum sounded like a dragon’s roar shook the earth.
 A terrifying, threatening pressure swept over, scaring the flood dragon under Crimson Dragon King to retreat while its body quivered.
 At this moment, two golden lights arrived. One entered Li Qingyun’s glabella, and the other landed in his hand, transforming into a fiery red herb that resembled a flame.
 “Yo, it’s the Heavenly Dao Ranking reward from the Heavenly Fate Dynasty! Vermillion Bird Grass, Wu Chang, this Vermillion Bird Grass is useful to you. Here, it’s yours!” Li Qingyun laughed and handed the Vermillion Bird Grass to Wu Chang.
 The Vermillion Bird Grass was similar to the Dragon Blood Grass, where it was a natural herb transmuted from the blood of the Vermillion Bird. It contained a trace of the Vermillion Bird’s bloodline power, a fire element divine power.
 It was of great use to Wu Chang.
 “Thank you, Sect Master!” Wu Chang bowed gratefully.
 “Sect Master, do you require me to bring Young Master back from Nan’an City now?” Wu Chang asked.
 He was well aware that Li Qingyun had not fully recovered his cultivation level and might not match up against the Crimson Dragon King at the Profound Void Martial Stage.
 Unquestionably, Li Yu could demolish him!
 Furthermore, Wu Chang could reach Nan’an City in less than ten minutes with his flying speed.
 “No need. The two of us are enough to deal with this guy. There’s no need for my son to be involved!” Li Qingyun smiled calmly and formed hand seals.
 Wu Chang nodded and swiftly transformed into a stream of light that fused into Li Qingyun’s body. Li Qingyun’s aura instantly soared.
 “Hmph, you’re only at the Soul Formation Intermediate Stage after fusion. Li Qingyun, die!”
 …
 After the rewards for number one on the Divine Weapon Rankings were distributed, the light of the Heavenly Dao Rankings dimmed slightly.
 The strange energy fluctuation between the heavens and the earth dissipated as well. The names of the rewards on the rankings disappeared one after another, and it went calm.
 However, countless people were unable to calm down. They were still immersed in the shock brought by the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 Of course, what shocked them was not the divine weapons on the rankings but Li Yu.
 For a while, everyone in the streets and alleys of the Great Xia Dynasty was talking about Li Yu.
 At the Dao Seeking Square. The Hundred Sect Recruitment Assembly officially began after the Divine Weapon Rankings was announced.
 In the entire square, some young men and women gathered in front of the recruitment tables of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, the Great Sky Dao Sect, and the Star Dou Sect.
 The recruitment tables of the other small sects were practically deserted, and it was more obvious for the big station of the Five Elements Sect.
 On the other hand, the Qingyun Sect recruitment station was crowded.
     

 “Thank you, everyone, for your kindness to my Qingyun Sect, but there are too many people. Today, we will only do the initial registration. Afterward, we will soon carry out the qualification evaluation to determine the final candidates!” Li Yu stood on the stage and announced loudly.
 Everyone naturally had no objections. After all, every sect had a requirement for talent, and it was impossible to accept everyone.
 At this moment, a man in the robes of a Five Elements Sect disciple flew over from afar.
 However, he did not fly to the recruitment platform of the Five Elements Sect. Instead, he arrived at the Qingyun Sect’s recruitment station first.
 “Li Yu, I have bad news!” The Five Elements Sect disciple exclaimed before he landed on the ground.
 His words instantly attracted everyone’s attention, and Li Yu looked at him in surprise.
 “Crimson Dragon King of the Netherworld Cult is looking for you for revenge. He killed our sect master and is  on his way to the Qingyun Sect!” That man continued to shout.
 He had originally come to inform Elder Jin Yang, but he encountered him on the way.
 Elder Jin Yang felt that he should inform Li Yu of this news directly, so he asked him to inform Li Yu.
 Fortunately, the Five Elements Sect was not too far from Nan’an City. He believed that this message should be timely.
 The words of the Five Elements Sect disciple instantly caused a commotion.
 “Netherworld Cult? Crimson Dragon King?” Li Yu frowned.
 He could roughly guess what was going on through this piece of information.
 His father once said that Mo Lin came from the Netherworld Cult, so it was not unusual for someone from the Netherworld Cult to take revenge for Mo Lin.
 However, in the beginning, the other party probably did not know that Li Yu had killed Mo Lin.
 Therefore, the Crimson Dragon King first went to settle the scores with the Five Elements Sect before the Divine Weapon Rankings revealed the truth.
 To be fair, however, the Five Elements Sect Master deserved it.
 “I understand!” Li Yu did not know why the people from the Five Elements Sect had a conscience and specially came to inform him of this news.
 However, it was clear that his sect was in danger.
 Since the Crimson Dragon King dared to seek revenge, his cultivation must have far exceeded Mo Lin’s. He was probably at least at the Profound Void Martial Stage.
 Even Wu Chang alone might not be a match for him.
  Meanwhile, his father was still in seclusion. He wondered how his cultivation and strength had recovered. Would he be able to defeat that Crimson Dragon King?
 “Ye Qiu, Ji Qinglan, Su Mu, I’ll leave this to the three of you. I’ll return to the sect first!” Li Yu informed as he jumped off the platform.
 “Senior Brother, ride my spirit beast for your return!” Ye Qiu offered.
 “Your spirit beast is too slow!” Li Yu walked forward and yelled, “Everyone, stay away from me!”
 Hearing that, everyone scattered in surprise, creating a huge empty space for Li Yu.
 At the same time, a bang was heard, and the entire stone ground of the Dao Seeking Square collapsed while Li Yu’s figure vanished on the spot.
 The sonic boom transformed into a blast wave that flipped everyone in the surroundings to the ground.
 …
    
Chapter 67: What Did He Mean?  
 To the west of Jing Prefecture was Liang Prefecture.
 Meanwhile, ten thousand meters above the Liang Prefecture, an enormous condor with a human-like face was flying westward.
 It was a condor-type demon with cultivation. At the moment, the condor was holding a spirit herb that emitted a golden glow in its claws.
 Once I refine this Fiery Sun Grass, my cultivation shall break through. Hahaha, one day, I will be like that divine bird, soaring into the highest sky and beyond the nine heavens to become a peerless condor immortal! I’ve  thought of my new name. I’ll be called the True Condor Immortal!  However, it did not notice that a figure had suddenly appeared beneath its enormous body.
 Only With the head facing down, the figure stepped on its abdomen.
  Bang!
 The condor only felt the world spin and the wind howl.
 When the surroundings fell silent again, it was shocked to discover that it had really arrived outside the nine heavens.
 The eagle’s face was filled with question marks, as it did not know what was going on.
 It was flying properly and minding its own business. Why was it sent beyond the nine heavens by a powerful force?
 Did the Heavenly Dao eavesdrop on my thoughts?  What the f…  How could there be no air outside the nine heavens!  It flapped its wings in horror, only to discover that it could not control its body at all.
 He floated in the void and was guided by a strange power to glide above the land below.
 The condor would never have thought of this scenario.
 If it rushed out of the nine heavens, it might not necessarily become a condor immortal as it might become… a satellite.
 …
 The sky above the Nine-tailed Mountain. The intense sound of magic power colliding was like a thunderclap that shook the heavens and the earth.
 Energy ripples were like raging waves that wreaked havoc in the sky, sweeping away the clouds.
 The loud noise could be heard within a radius of five kilometers, and countless birds and beasts were terrified to the point of crawling on the ground and not daring to move.
 The surrounding townspeople were also pale with fear.
 Bang!
 The giant hand seal condensed by magic power dissipated. Li Qingyun’s figure hurriedly retreated, and his face turned a little paler.
 “Hmph, your cultivation hasn’t fully recovered as expected. You’re no longer my match. It’s the same even if Wu Chang fuses with you!” Law King Zi Long sneered.
 Li Qingyun had the powerful power of the Dragon Slaying Sword and Wu Chang’s profound fire, so he could barely withstand a few of his moves.
 However, his strength was not even 70% or 80% of what it was in the past. A far cry from his glorious old self.
 “You should be rejoicing. Otherwise, you would have gone to the netherworld with your junior brother !” Li Qingyun taunted with a smile.
 He lamented in his heart that his abilities were really not as good as back then, and he could not defeat the Crimson Dragon King. He could not help but sigh.
 However, he was not afraid. At most, he would become a cripple again by using a forbidden move to force this enemy to retreat.
 If he could be more ruthless and sacrifice Wu Chang, he should be able to defeat the Crimson Dragon King in one move.
 “Hmph, I really don’t know how you destroyed the Netherworld Demon Sect with this mediocre strength of yours!” Law King Zi Long sneered coldly and formed hand seals.
 The giant runes condensed by magic power slashed through the air like a giant sword.
 Li Qingyun frowned. The power of heaven and earth gathered around him, and his sword intent condensed into a golden sword shadow that clashed alongside the Dragon Slaying Sword.
 Almost at the exact same time, a flying sword surrounded by three-colored profound light shot over. It grew in the wind and instantly transformed into a sword light that was dozens of meters long.
 Both slashed onto the giant rune.
 Bang! Bang!
 Under the combined power of the two divine weapons, the gigantic symbol collapsed, and the two flying swords were sent flying back.
 Crimson Dragon King had a sullen expression as he turned to look at the two figures flying over from the side.
 They were Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu of the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 “You must be the famous Crimson Dragon King!” Perfected Yu Hua arrived before him.
 “Who are you? Mind your own business if you don’t want to die!” Law King Zi Long warned coldly.
 “I’m the Sect Master of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, Perfected Yu Hua!” Perfected Yu Hua flew closer and cupped his hands.
 At that moment, he was not as calm as he presented himself.
 He had never expected that the Qingyun Sect’s sect master was the famous Divine Firmament Holy Land’s Holy Son, Li Qingyun.
 He had witnessed some of Li Qingyun’s glorious days, so he recognized him.
 However, the moment he saw Li Qingyun, many questions in Perfected Yu Hua’s mind were instantly answered.
 Li Qingyun did have the ability to destroy the Netherworld Demon Sect, even though it was rumored that his cultivation had been ruined all those years ago, and he had even become a cripple.
 As long as a true peerless genius was not killed, anything was possible.
 “Hmph, scram as far as you can. If you interfere. I’ll destroy your Jade Pure Dao Sect too!” Crimson Dragon King bellowed angrily.
 Other than the few Holy Lands, he did not care about the rest of the sects.
 “Insolent! Do you really think you’re invincible? The Great Xia Dynasty is not a place where you can behave atrociously!” Perfected Taiwu snapped with no hesitation.
 Although Perfected Taiwu’s cultivation was far inferior to the Crimson Dragon King, he had no fear since he valued his dignity over his life.
 He would rather die than have his dignity trampled on.
 If one was not afraid of death, he had nothing to fear.
 “Crimson Dragon King, if you insist on attacking, we will make sure you never return even if we have to lose our lives!” Perfected Yu Hua unleashed his aura.
 Although his Soul Formation Intermediate Stage cultivation was inferior to this Crimson Dragon King, his aura did not seem to lose out at all.
 His sharp gaze and firm will could not be shaken.
 Although he had heard of Li Qingyun’s incident in the past, that was the vendetta between him and the Clear Void Holy Land.
 Li Qingyun was now a member of the orthodox sects of the Great Xia Dynasty, not to mention that Qingyun Sect had accomplished so much for the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Therefore, if the Crimson Dragon King wanted to attack the Qingyun Sect, the Jade Pure Dao Sect could not stand by and do nothing.
 “Hehe…” Listening to Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu, the Crimson Dragon King chuckled.
 After all, he was a top expert at the Profound Void Martial Stage. There was a significant difference in their level.
 Therefore, to him, it was like a grown adult seeing a child become angry at him. Naturally, he would not be afraid and would find it funny.
 “In that case, the two of you shall be buried with Li Qingyun!” A cold glint flashed in the Crimson Dragon King’s eyes.
 The terrifying pressure of the Profound Void Martial Stage instantly poured out. Like an invisible hand, it stirred the entire sky and kept pressing on Li Qingyun, Perfected Yu Hua, and Perfected Taiwu.
 Immediately, he struck out with his palm.
 The gigantic palm condensed from magic power contained the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise projections as they roared and rolled down.
 Li Qingyun, Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu had cold expressions as magic power poured out. At the same time, they used their strongest spells to withstand the attack.
 Bang bang bang bang…
 The powers collided, and space shook. Li Qingyun, Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu were sent flying. Their faces were pale, and a trace of blood flowed out of the corner of Perfected Taiwu’s mouth.
 The strike of an old monster at the Profound Void Martial Stage was indeed terrifying in full force…
 Right at this moment, a figure fell from the sky like a meteor. It was so quick that the robes were covered in flames.
 After that, the figure smashed onto the Nine-tailed Mountain with a bang.
  Airwaves surged as dust rose in all directions.
 When the dust dispersed, a figure was seen slapping the flames on his body.
 It was none other than Li Yu.
 “Looks like I’ve returned in time!” Li Yu glanced at Li Qingyun, who was in midair, and he couldn’t help but feel relieved when he saw that his father was still alive.
 “Phew, it’s a good thing you came back in time. Otherwise, I would have to re-cultivate again!” Li Qingyun breathed a sigh of relief as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders.
 His words surprised Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu, who looked at Li Yu and Li Qingyun with their mouths agape.
 What did Li Qingyun mean?
 …
Chapter 68: Times Have Changed!  “That’s right. I heard that Crimson Dragon King was coming to take revenge on me, so I rushed back from Nan’an City. I can’t keep him waiting, can I?” Li Yu patted out the flames on his body as he spoke.
 Li Qingyun looked at the flames that had not fully extinguished on Li Yu’s body and nodded. “Yes, I can tell! It’s really flaming urgent!”
 “Alright, leave the rest to me!” Li Yu extinguished the last flame, and his Daoist robe was  in tatters.
 Even so, it could not conceal his extraordinary aura.
 “Good, have a little restraint, though. Don’t destroy his storage magic treasures too! This Crimson Dragon King must have a lot of wealth on him!” Li Qingyun reminded as he flew towards Li Yu casually.
 “Don’t worry, Dad. I know what I’m doing!” Li Yu nonchalantly drew the sword behind him and replied.
 The conversation between Li Qingyun and Li Yu dumbfounded Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu.
  If they didn’t see it with their own eyes, would they ever believe it?
 Li Qingyun actually told Li Yu to deal with the Profound Void Martial Stage Crimson Dragon King.
 Moreover, he had  begun to consider plundering someone else’s belongings in front of them.
 This father and son were simply ridiculous!
 At the moment, the Crimson Dragon King was also burning with anger. The demonic Qi in his body poured out like purple clouds that shrouded the entire sky.
 Within the purple cloud, giant dragons rolled, white tigers roared, vermilion birds spread their wings, and black tortoises stepped into the sky.
 The terrifying pressure felt like the sky was collapsing. It was suffocating.
 Even Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu trembled in fear as their auras weakened. They knew that the Crimson Dragon King was truly enraged.
 Even the two of them would not be able to withstand such an attack filled with such power!
 Yet, Li Yu looked calm as he glanced at the surging purple clouds in the sky as if he was leisurely admiring the clouds in the sky.
 Right at this moment, on a mountain beside the Nine-tailed Mountain, two illusory figures appeared like ghosts.
 One had a sinister look while the other had a stooped posture. It was the Blood Spirit Monarch and his servant.
 “Profound Void Martial Stage?” The Blood Spirit Monarch frowned and looked at Crimson Dragon King in the air.
 He did not expect another Profound Void Martial Stage expert to be present.
 Although he did not know why the purple-robed person had come to the Qingyun Sect, he clearly did not have good intentions.
 “You’re the Crimson Dragon King, right? Yes, I killed Mo Lin, but… you’ll be killed by me too!” Li Yu declared with a smile as he pointed his sword at the Crimson Dragon King.
 “You ignorant brat!” The Crimson Dragon King’s voice sounded like thunder reverberating through the world.
 The purple clouds that filled the sky manifested into a giant hand in the air, and the azure dragon, white tiger, vermillion bird, and black tortoise transformed into a gigantic totem of the four symbols.
 “Die, Li Yu!”
 As the Crimson Dragon King roared, the gigantic hand slapped down, along with the four symbols totem.
 Before the palm landed, the terrifying pressure had  caused the trees below to snap, and the earth shook.
 Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu’s were horrified as their hearts palpitated.
 The strike was too terrifying, and it was probably sufficient to flatten the entire Nine-tailed Mountain.
 The Blood Spirit Monarch’s expression changed drastically as well.
 “F*ck, you old bastard, you’re so cruel. Don’t f*cking destroy my perfect cauldron!”
 The Blood Spirit Monarch cried out in surprise and was just about to help Li Yu block the Crimson Dragon King’s attack.
 With the sound of a swoosh, a sword shadow seemed to flash through the void.
 All was quiet as though space had frozen.
 The middle portion of the purple cloud palm was slashed open.
 In the next second, it dissipated.
 The anger on the Crimson Dragon King’s face was replaced by terror.
 He opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came out. It was because… His body split into two!
 Silence rang out.
 Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu seemed petrified as they witnessed everything in shock, even forgetting to breathe.
 However, the Blood Spirit Monarch, who had  raised his hand and was about to attack, was even more stunned.
 He had witnessed the Crimson Dragon King at the Profound Void Martial Stage being insta-killed by a single strike from Li Yu.
 The Blood Spirit Monarch’s jaw almost dropped as a bone-chilling cold rushed to his head from the bottom of his feet.
  Blood began dripping all over the ground from his blood body.
 He had seen great winds and waves in his previous life, where the powerful could summon the wind and rain, move mountains and seas, scatter beans into soldiers, and cause many kinds of destruction.
 However, it was still not as impactful as the scene before him.
 “A-are, are young people nowadays so reckless?”
 The Blood Spirit Monarch felt as if his worldview was about to collapse.
 What in the world happened after I was sealed for tens of thousands of years?  Now even a seventeen-year-old brat can kill an old monster at the Profound Void Martial Stage with a single strike.  F*ck, times have changed!  He watched as the Crimson Dragon King’s split body fell from the sky.
 The Blood Spirit Monarch felt a chill run down his spine.
 He drilled into the ground and fled for his life without a word.
 “Old Kui, hurry up and pack up everything. We must leave the Great Xia Dynasty as soon as possible!”
 …
 Smack!
 Li Yu caught the Crimson Dragon King’s storage bag and threw it to Li Qingyun.
 “Dad, is the flood dragon meat delicious?” Li Yu looked at the quivering purple lightning flood dragon in the air.
 “Dragon meat is delicious, but the meat of the Purple Lightning Flood Dragon is not. It’s too hard and leathery!” Li Qingyun remarked. Then, he quickly checked the Crimson Dragon King’s storage magic treasure and his face brightened immediately.
 The Crimson Dragon King did have plenty of wealth.
 “Then I’ll keep it as my new mount!” Before Li Yu finished his sentence, he stomped his feet.
 His body had  arrived in the air and landed steadily on the head of the purple lightning flood dragon.
 The purple lightning flood dragon was like a bird startled by the twang of a bow, nearly falling from the sky in fright.
 It was still young, and its strength was comparable to a cultivator at the peak of the Soul Formation Stage.
 If even the Crimson Dragon King at the Profound Void Martial Stage was killed by a single strike from Li Yu, how could a young dragon not be afraid?
 “Are you willing to be my mount?” Li Yu patted the flood dragon’s enormous head.
 “Yes, yes!” The flood dragon spoke in the human tongue, its voice trembling.
DiisCoover  Such a powerful demon beast had intelligence comparable to humans.
 There were even some with cultivation methods that allowed them to take human form and speak human language.
 “Hmm, very good. It just so happens that my sect has just recruited a large group of disciples. Why don’t you work a little harder and help me bring all of them to the sect!” Li Yu smiled.
 “No problem. I’ll follow every order my Master has for me!”
 Li Yu was satisfied with the purple lightning flood dragon’s attitude. He patted its head again and said, “Wait for me here. Don’t run around!”
 “Yes, Master!” the dragon acknowledged.
 Li Yu jumped back to Li Qingyun’s side again. He looked at the two elders in the air who seemed to have turned into stone and asked curiously, “Dad, who are these two seniors?”
 “The Sect Master and Elders of the Jade Pure Dao Sect,” replied Li Qingyun. Then, he cupped his hands to the two in the air. “Thank you for your help, Fellow Cultivators!”
 Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu only recovered from their shock after hearing Li Qingyun’s words.
 They looked at each other, still unable to conceal their shock.
 It turned out that everything was done by Li Yu and not Li Qingyun!
 Shi Potian, the Demon Child, the Wolf King, and Mo Lin were all killed by Li Yu.
  They had just witnessed Li Yu kill an old monster at the Profound Void Martial Stage with a single strike.
 Profound Void Martial Stage!
 That old monster was a top-tier expert in the entire Immortal Martial World.
 He was killed by Li Yu’s casual strike.
 If they had not seen it with their own eyes, they would never have thought of it, even if they lived a few more lifetimes.
 The degree of this child’s monstrousness could no longer be measured by established knowledge.
 If not for the two words ‘human body’ on the Heavenly Dao Rankings, they would absolutely believe that this kid was from the Immortal Domain.
 …
Chapter 69: Honorary Elder  
 After their shock, Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu felt more pleased than anything else.
 With an unprecedented paragon like Li Yu among the younger generation of the Great Xia Dynasty, there was no doubt the country would rise up in this tumultuous era.
 At this moment, they felt unprecedented peace.
 It was as if a lone boat in the middle of a raging storm had suddenly found a haven.
 With Li Yu and Li Qingyun protecting the Great Xia Dynasty, there was no need to worry about trouble ahead.
 What delighted the two of them more was that the Lingtian Mystic Realm was about to open in another three months.
  At that time, the top elites of the Huaxia continent and the various factions of the Great Zenith Domain would enter the mystic realm to train and seek treasures.
 It was a contest between countries, sects, and factions.
 The struggle for resources and opportunities.
 In the Lingtian Mystic Realm, filled with danger and opportunities, whoever was stronger could seize the initiative and snatch more opportunities and natural treasures.
 However, this had always been the stage for the eternal empires, Holy Lands, and ancient families.
 The countries north of the Huaxia continent could only find a sliver of a chance between the cracks. They could even get annihilated in the power struggle at any moment, becoming sacrifices in the process.
 However, if the Great Xia Dynasty had monsters like Li Yu, the situation would be completely different.
 Li Yu was absolutely invincible in the current era. He alone was enough to suppress all the prodigies in the world.
 He would definitely shine in the Lingtian Mystic Realm this time and stun all the experts.
 Thus, the two of them were filled with anticipation.
 “Greetings, seniors!” Li Yu cupped his hands politely.
 These two proved fearless when facing a powerhouse at the level of Crimson Dragon King and were willing to help his father.
 Li Yu would remember this.
 Furthermore, he knew that the Jade Pure Dao Sect was a true orthodox sect that cared for the world.
 Therefore, he respected the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 “Little Cultivator Li, you’ve really broadened this old man’s horizons today. It’s the fortune of countless lifetimes for our Great Xia Dynasty to have a young hero like you!” Perfected Yu Hua was not stingy with his compliments and praised Li Yu endlessly.
 Of course, he was not spouting nonsense. He was really expressing his inner thoughts out of shock and joy.
 He knew why Li Yu had refused to join any sect or power back then, and he understood why the Heavenly Dao Rankings had repeatedly rewarded him with additional rewards.
 This kid was not a hidden dragon but a true dragon!
 “Senior is too kind! I must thank both of you for your help today!” Li Yu smiled and thanked them politely.
 “Compared to you, what we have done is simply not worth mentioning! Oh yes, Young Cultivator Li, I wonder if my Jade Pure Dao Sect has the honor of inviting you to be an honorary elder!” Perfected Yu Hua cupped his hands and asked with a sincere and solemn attitude.
 “Honorary Elder?” Li Yu was slightly surprised.
 He had heard of such a title before. It was just a name, and he did not need to work.
 He could also enter the Jade Pure Dao Sect at will and enjoy the various privileges of an elder.
 It was like the idler from his previous life who simply held a title and received a salary for it.
 Of course, the Jade Pure Dao Sect could also utilize Li Yu’s reputation to improve its influence.
 It was a form of mutual benefit.
 At the same time, it was a way to tie the two sects together and establish close ties.
 “Young Cultivator Yu, you can rest assured. You are only an honorary elder. You don’t have to do anything, and it won’t restrict your freedom. You are still you. You only have an additional title and status. Plus, you can enjoy the privileges of an elder in my sect. In the future, you can enter and leave our sect freely!” Perfected Yu Hua added.
 “Senior, it would be impolite for me to decline your invitation!” Li Yu cupped his hands with a smile. He would accept such an offer, reluctantly, of course.
 Yep, it’s not a big deal.  “This is great! It’s my Jade Pure Dao Sect’s honor!” Perfected Yu Hua was overjoyed.
 He immediately promised that he would choose an auspicious day to hold the appointment ceremony for Li Yu once he returned.
  The Jade Pure Dao Sect wanted to solemnly announce to the world that Li Yu would be their sect’s honorary elder.
 After that, Li Qingyun invited Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu into the Daoist temple for a chat.
 Li Yu changed into a new Daoist robe. After bidding farewell to the three of them, he rode the flood dragon to Nan’an City.
 After all, the recruitment of disciples was not over yet, and he had to oversee it.
 The flying speed of the flood dragon was extremely fast, and its top speed was almost comparable to the fighter planes in his previous life.
 They arrived at Nan’an City in less than half an hour from Nine-tailed Mountain.
 If he was not strong enough, he would not be able to withstand such a terrifying speed.
 The sonic boom alone could kill.
 Soon, Nan’an City was in sight, and the flood dragon slowed down.
 As the capital of the Great Xia Dynasty, no one was supposed to fly on magic treasures and spirit beasts above Nan’an City.
 However, the rules were only limited to the ordinary people at the bottom. In the face of absolute power, all the rules were useless.
 Thus, when they saw the enormous flood dragon flying over from the sky, the city guards could not think of anything else other than shock and panic.
 Although flood dragons were not true dragons, their physiques and appearance were  very similar to dragons.
 Ordinary people had never even seen a true dragon before, let alone distinguish whether it was a true dragon or a flood dragon.
 That mountain-like, majestic figure was similarly shocking and gave others an invisible pressure.
 Therefore, when the flood dragon flew into Nan’an City, the entire city was in an uproar.
 “Dragon, it’s a dragon!”
 “Oh my, I just saw the legendary dragon!”
 Countless citizens looked up at the purple lightning flood dragon in shock.
 At the Dao Seeking Square, the recruitment for the Hundred Sects was still ongoing. There was still a sea of people at the Qingyun Sect’s recruitment station.
 Ji Qinglan and Su Mu seemed to have  taken up their roles.
 Ji Qinglan was in charge of directing those few retainers to maintain order, while Su Mu helped Ye Qiu with registration.
 The three of them cooperated surprisingly well over a short time.
 Although the scene was lively, everyone’s mood seemed to be shrouded in a layer of gloom, and they were slightly anxious.
 They had heard from the Five Elements Sect disciple not long ago about the power of the Crimson Dragon King from the Great Zenith Domain.
 That old monster rode the flood dragon like a god from the nine heavens, destroying the Protective Mountain Array at the Five Spirit Peak with a wave of his hand.
 The power of the palm seemed to collapse the sky. The color of heaven and earth changed, and all things went silent.
 The Five Elements Sect’s sect master and all the elders died under that terrifying power.
 And his cultivation was at least at the legendary Profound Void Martial Stage.
 Indeed, to the people of the Great Xia Dynasty, the Profound Void Martial Stage only existed in legends like immortals.
 They had never seen anyone at the Profound Void Martial Stage.
 Therefore, when they heard that the Crimson Dragon King was at the Profound Void Martial Stage, it cast a shadow over the situation.
 They began to worry for the Qingyun Sect and Li Yu.
  “Senior Brother Ye, is Senior Brother Li really fine?” Su Mu voiced the concern in his heart.
 The surrounding boys and girls also stared at Ye Qiu with grave expressions.
 They did not wish the heroic Li Yu to die young.
 “Heh heh, don’t worry. Senior Brother’s strength is unfathomable. Furthermore, our sect master is around too. He’s an expert from the Divine Firmament Holy Land!” Ye Qiu smiled.
 However, to be honest, he was not as confident as he presented himself.
 After all, to him, the Profound Void Martial Stage was an existence as powerful as a god.
 Although he knew that Li Yu was strong, he was not sure if he could defeat someone at the Profound Void Martial Stage.
 …
Chapter 70: The Imperial Decree Arrives  
 “The Qingyun Sect isn’t looking too good this time. Although Li Yu did kill Mo Lin, there’s a world of difference between a Profound Void Martial Stage and a Soul Formation Stage expert!”
 “Yes, the Profound Void Martial Stage. The previous strongest in our Great Xia Dynasty, Perfected Yu Hua, is only at the Soul Formation Intermediate Stage. The Profound Void Martial Stage would be invincible in our Great Xia Dynasty!”
 “I heard from my master that the higher the cultivation realm, the greater the difference in strength between each major realm! A Foundation Establishment realm cultivator can defeat a Golden Core realm cultivator, but it’s entirely impossible for a Soul Formation stage cultivator to defeat a Profound Void Martial Stage cultivator!”
 “Of course. Which one of those who could enter the Profound Void Martial Stage isn’t a monstrous genius? Which one isn’t supported by various top-notch magic treasures and cultivation techniques! Defeating your opponent of a higher cultivation level is impossible!”
 “Sigh, who would have thought that Mo Lin had such a backing! I hope that the Qingyun Sect can resolve the danger!” People from the various large sects conversed.
 Everyone was slightly worried for Li Yu.
  The Great Xia Dynasty would lose its backing if Li Yu was really killed by the Crimson Dragon King.
 Looking at the greater demons on the Divine Weapon Rankings, they could not help but shudder.
 There was the Demonic Ape of the Kui Mountain, the Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon, and the Blood Spirit Monarch that no one had heard of who obtained the Immortal-tier Blood Shadow Demon Art as a reward.
 Right at this moment, a dragon’s roar resounded through the sky, scaring everyone to the point their hearts trembled.
 Everyone looked over in horror and saw a gigantic flood dragon flying over from the sky.
 Its undulating body was like a continuous chain of mountains, surrounded by purple lightning as if it was riding thunder.
 Upon seeing this, everyone’s hearts sank to the bottom as a chill arose uncontrollably.
 “Crim… Crimson Dragon King is here!” The Five Elements Sect disciple who had delivered the news earlier screamed in horror.
 He was the only person here who had seen the Crimson Dragon King with his own eyes, so he naturally recognized that purple lightning flood dragon.
 His words instantly reduced the atmosphere in the square to a freezing point, and everyone felt as if they had entered an icy cave.
 Since the Crimson Dragon King had arrived, it meant that Li Yu had been killed.
 Moreover, did he come here to eradicate the people of the Qingyun Sect?
 As everyone was panicking, the purple lightning flood dragon had  arrived in the sky above the Dao Seeking Square.
 The gigantic figure enveloped the entire square. Its enormous body was like a great mountain range that pressed down on everyone’s hearts.
 At the same time, a figure jumped down from the dragon’s head and landed steadily on the ground.
 Everyone looked over in unison. Like a drowning person who had been pulled onto the shore, they finally caught their breaths as joy from surviving the calamity rushed into their hearts.
 “It’s Li Yu!”
 “Oh! It’s him!”
 Everyone in the square was abuzz. Li Yu had returned by riding on the purple lightning dragon.
 This meant that the Crimson Dragon King had been killed by Li Yu.
 Li Yu killing an old monster at the Profound Void Martial Stage had simply refreshed their understanding of Li Yu again.
 Is this Li Yu even human? That’s way too strong!  However, everyone thought about it and understood one thing. Perhaps the Qingyun Sect Master was stronger than Li Yu.
 It was the Qingyun Sect Master who did it.
 Regardless of who it was, the death of the Crimson Dragon King had boosted their morale.
 It also allowed them to relax again.
 With the Qingyun Sect around, the Great Xia Dynasty would be as stable as a rock.
 Furthermore, one of the mighty Kings from the Netherworld Cult of the Great Zenith Domain had actually been killed by the sect of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 It was enough for them to brag for their entire lifetimes.
 They could brag how the cow could fly higher and further in the sky, out of the country, and out of the Huaxia continent.
  …
 Seeing Li Yu walk over, Ye Qiu laughed happily, “Senior Brother, you’re back. This is great. I was so worried for you!”
 The group of young men and women around opened a path for Li Yu, and they looked at him with worshipful gazes.
 Li Yu smiled and asked, “How many disciples have registered by now?”
 “1716!” Ye Qiu replied with a big smile.
 “So many!” Li Yu was pleasantly surprised. He took the registration booklet, and the system interface immediately popped up. It automatically recorded the disciples’ information into the system.
 At the same time, the system automatically generated the talent score and potential assessment of each disciple.
 The information was crystal clear.
 This saved him a lot of trouble. He could recruit the best according to his needs.
 After all, the system only needed to recruit 1000 disciples for now, and the Qingyun Sect could not accommodate too many disciples at the moment.
 There was no need for him to recruit over one thousand people. Furthermore, there were still more people queuing up for registration.
 Li Yu looked. Currently, there were more than 1700 people, and fewer than 600 people had reached the passing line.
 Among them, only around a hundred people had better talent.
 To Li Yu’s surprise, two of these hundred people satisfied the system’s requirements for genius disciples.
 After including Ye Qiu, Ji Qinglan, Su Mu, and Tang Chi, who had finished consuming the Heavenly Spirit Pill, he would now have six genius disciples.
 It was only a matter of time before he completed this mission.
 Moreover, there were so many more people waiting to register at the scene, and there were probably more geniuses who had not been discovered.
 At this moment, Elder Cangshan, Elder Qingxuan, and the others from the various large sects gathered over like spectators.
 “Cultivator Li, it’s great to see you back. Has the Crimson Dragon King been dealt with?” Elder Cang Shan asked with a grin.
 “That’s right!” Li Yu replied casually while his thoughts were focused on the system interface.
 He was in no mood to chat.
 “Could Cultivator Li explain in detail to us?” Everyone looked at Li Yu with burning anticipation, hoping that he could describe the grand occasion for them.
 The battle between Profound Void Martial Stage experts would surely be spectacular.
 They could  imagine all kinds of shocking fight scenes from it, and their blood began to boil.
 However, Li Yu’s reply was like a basin of cold water that doused their blood.
 “The process was boring. There’s really nothing much to describe!” Li Yu added with a bitter smile.
 It’s just one slash. What else do you want me to say?  Plus, can’t you see that I’m super busy right now? There are so many disciples waiting for me. How can I have the time to tell stories?  Li Yu complained inside.
 “Oh yes, I’m not good with words, but Perfected Yu Hua was present. If you want to learn about the situation at that time, you can ask Perfected Yu Hua!” Li Yu just wanted to send these fellows away as soon as possible.
  It’s true that once you’ve become famous, your personal life is gone. You people even have to pry into private matters like someone else’s revenge.  Everyone looked disappointed, but they understood that Li Yu liked to keep a low profile and not show off.
 Therefore, they did not probe further. At least they could ask Perfected Yu Hua on the matter in the future.
 Only At that moment, a group of royal guards escorted the Crown Prince and a eunuch to the Qingyun Sect’s recruitment station.
 “The imperial decree has arrived! All unrelated people shall make way immediately!” someone announced.
 A commotion broke out as everyone opened up a path.
 The crown prince and the eunuch arrived in front of Li Yu. The eunuch declared with a solemn expression, “The imperial decree has arrived. Cultivator Li Yu, please accept the imperial decree!”
 …
Chapter 71: Hot Potato  
 Li Yu glanced at Murong Xingqiao in surprise. She smiled and nodded, indicating for him to accept the decree.
 Thus, he bowed and prepared to receive the decree.
 The Great Xia Dynasty had a rule that cultivators did not have to kneel.
 Furthermore, no one dared to say anything even if an expert like Li Yu did not bow.
 The eunuch began to read the imperial decree. The opening was loaded with praises, meaning to appreciate Li Yu for his hard work for the Great Xia Dynasty.
 In the end, it finally got to the main topic. “Therefore, I hereby confer Li Yu the title of the Grand Xia Dynasty’s guardian master. The Qingyun Sect is named the imperial training hall of the Grand Xia Dynasty. You will be rewarded with 100,000 taels of gold, 50,000 spirit stones, 500 magic artifacts, and 500 sheets of silk. End of the decree!”
  “Thank you for your kindness, His Majesty!” Li Yu bowed and received the imperial decree.
 “Cultivator Li, His Majesty has also stated that he will send the best craftsmen to help your sect in its construction. Your sect will be completed within three months with the highest standards of the royal family!” the eunuch said with a smile.
 “Please send my utmost gratitude to His Majesty for me!” Li Yu did not stand on ceremony. After all, he was indeed in a hurry to build the sect. Otherwise, these disciples would not even have a place to stay if he recruited them.
 The eunuch nodded with a smile and retreated to the side respectfully. At the same time, the crown prince led a dozen men who dressed like scholar-officials forward.
 “I’m relieved to see that you’re safe and sound. I believe the danger from the Crimson Dragon King has been resolved!” Murong Xingqiao smiled.
 She was also worried when she heard that the old monster was here to take revenge on the Qingyun Sect.
 She only heaved a sigh of relief when she heard from the Daoist Guardian that Li Yu had returned riding the purple lightning flood dragon.
 “Yes, I apologize for worrying you, Your Highness. Everything has been resolved smoothly!” Li Yu cupped his hands.
 “I’ve invited more than ten scholars from the directorate to help you. There are too many people here. I’m afraid the few of you won’t be able to finish all of your work by tonight.” Murong Xingqiao added.
 “Haha, thank you, Your Highness!” Li Yu was delighted.
 Murong Xingqiao was a meticulous woman, after all. She had really given him a pillow when he was tired and warmed his bed when he was cold.
 With the help of these scholars to register and complete the admission procedures, their efficiency would definitely increase.
 After the minor episode on the imperial decree was over, the recruitment process continued. Li Yu used the system’s disciple management module function to conduct screening.
 Ye Qiu led a few scholars to continue with the registration.
 On Li Yu’s side, he directly announced the acceptance list of the people who had signed up before and handed it to the rest of the scholars to begin the proper admission procedures.
 The ordinary ones were directly accepted as outer sect disciples, while the better ones were accepted as inner sect disciples.
 With the help of the scholars, the efficiency of the recruitment increased by several times.
 Noon had just passed, and all the registration work was completed.
 The Qingyun Sect had successfully recruited more than 1,300 qualified disciples.
 Over 200 people had better qualifications, and four of them met the system’s genius talent requirements.
 Now, there were only two more people left to complete that recruitment mission.
 After the recruitment ended smoothly, Li Yu bid farewell to Murong Xingqiao and the others.
 He first rode the flood dragon back to the Qingyun Sect.
 Meanwhile, Ye Qiu, Ji Qinglan, and the others brought the new disciples to ride the magic artifact flying boat bestowed by Murong Cang and returned to the Qingyun Sect together.
 When Li Yu returned to the Qingyun Sect, Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu had  left.
 Wu Chang entered seclusion to refine the Vermillion Bird Grass, while Li Qingyun was measuring the spiritual power and the geomancy of the Nine-tailed Mountain.
 He was preparing to set up the Spirit Gathering Array and the Protective Mountain Array around the Nine-tailed Mountain.
 “Dad, so you do know how to set up array formations?” Li Yu asked with a smile.
 “Of course, your Father knows! Oh yes, what’s the additional reward for your Divine Weapon Rankings this time? I’m curious!” Li Qingyun put down the compass in his hand and looked at Li Yu curiously.
 At this moment, many in the world were curious about the mysterious additional reward.
 Li Yu smiled mysteriously, then he moved closer to Li Qingyun’s ear and whispered, “The Ancient Dao Fortune Tree!”
 Li Qingyun’s eyes widened.
 It was the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree!
 No wonder he had to keep it a secret!
 This was a reward that could shale the entire Immortal Martial World and bring about a fatal disaster to oneself.
 The Ancient Dao Fortune Tree was an immortal tree that condensed the spiritual power of the region and accumulated luck and blessings.
 It could be said that a single Ancient Dao Fortune Tree could turn a piece of land into a cultivation wonderland.
 In the entire Immortal Martial World, only the strongest Holy Land of the Great Zenith Domain, the Primordial Dao Holy Land, possessed the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree.
 It was said that in the ancient times, the Patriarch of the Primordial Dao Holy Land brought it back from the Immortal Domain and planted it in the Holy Land.
 It was primarily because of the tree that the Primordial Dao Holy Land had existed for hundreds of thousands of years without declining, and its Dao fate was still prosperous today.
 It nurtured countless geniuses and eminences who sought immortality.
 It was said that cultivating under the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree for a year was better than in the outside world for ten years. It was also helpful in comprehending the Great Dao.
 Therefore, a single Ancient Dao Fortune Tree was enough to make everyone in the world and all the factions jealous.
 Over the many years, countless people and factions had their sights set on that ancient tree in the Primordial Dao Holy Land.
 Almost every few hundred years, the Holy Land would experience a war.
 If not for the fact that the Primordial Dao Holy Land had a robust foundation and the protection of an immortal domain faction, it would have probably been destroyed long ago.
 This was why the Heavenly Dao kept this additional reward a secret.
 Still, the secret of the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree would be exposed sooner or later. It could not be kept secret forever.
 Therefore, in Li Qingyun’s opinion, this was a reward that came with both fortune and disaster.
 He was happy and worried!
 “It’ll be difficult for our sect to develop wretchedly now!” Li Qingyun commented with a bitter smile.
 “True. We want to keep a low profile, but the heavens won’t allow it. With the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree, our sect will surely become the most powerful sect in the world in the future. It’ll probably become a new Holy Land!” Li Yu grinned.
 With the system and the huge cheat, the Heavenly Dao Rankings, it was impossible for his sect to fail in taking off.
 Once I’ve become truly invincible, I’ll definitely roam the world and admire every view.  I’ll eat a meal of red-braised dragon meat, stewed Kun in an iron pot, and roasted rocs.  And taste the juice from those absolute beauties in the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm. Uh, I mean fruit juice!  Hehe, facing the ‘sea’ with spring ‘blossoms.’   Just as Li Yu was letting himself loose and daydreaming, Li Qingyun suddenly patted Li Yu’s shoulder and interrupted earnestly, “Sigh, the greater the ability, the greater the responsibility. Son, the sect will depend on you in the future!”
 “Oh!” Li Yu looked at Li Qingyun, feeling that his words seemed to have another meaning.
 However, he did not care. “Dad, where do you think we should plant it?”
 Can’t I plant it in my heart!  Li Qingyun complained silently.
 Although it was priceless, this thing was also a hot potato!
 “Plant it in your courtyard!” replied Li Qingyun.
 …
Chapter 72: A blessing in disguise  Li Yu’s courtyard sat in the southeast corner of the sect, an independent residence in the new plan.
 It was not completed yet, but the walls were  built.
 The courtyard was far from the sect’s core area. It was hidden in the beautiful mountain forest, peaceful and elegant.
 It was a residence specially designed for Li Yu.
 After arriving in his courtyard, Li Yu temporarily dispersed the craftsmen and checked that no one was around.
 He chose a suitable spot based on Feng Shui and prepared to plant the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree.
 He wanted to wait until there were fewer unrelated people in the Daoist temple before he planted it.
  However, the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree seed rewarded by the Heavenly Dao had to be planted within 24 hours. Otherwise, it would disappear.
 Even if Li Yu wanted to delay the planting for a few more days, he could not hold it in anymore!
 The Heavenly Dao was really mischievous. In order to not let anyone know what the additional reward was, it actually sent the seed of the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree into his rectum.
 What a b*tch!
 After Li Yu squatted in the courtyard for a long time, the seed emitting a golden halo finally returned to the embrace of the earth.
 Once it came into contact with the soil, the seed rapidly took root and germinated.
 In the blink of an eye, it had grown into a large tree more than ten meters tall. Its branches were luxuriant, and every leaf seemed to emit a faint halo.
 Rich spiritual energy instantly emanated, and millions of rays of light shone down and enveloped the entire ancient tree.
 Strange ripples flowed on the tree trunk.
 The world seemed to be filled with clear music that sounded like the echo of nature, and it was extremely comfortable to the ears.
 It only took a few breaths of time from a seed to an ancient tree. It could be said to be a miracle.
 To the orange cat who was sunbathing in the corner, Li Yu pulling out a towering tree with a shitload was also a miracle!
 The orange cat jumped up from the ground with widened eyes.
 It looked skeptically at the ancient tree and then at Li Yu.
 There had always been a lot of wild cats living in the temple. Li Yu, a senior cat slave in his previous life, seemed to have a cat-attracting body.
 In this life, he attracted many stray cats and often fed them.
 Over time, these wild cats basically treated the Daoist temple as their home.
 As the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree appeared, rich spiritual energy permeated everything in the surroundings.
 The luck of the Dao in the heavens and the earth enveloped the entire Nine-tailed Mountain like a river converging.
 Under the infiltration of this spiritual energy, the orange cat’s gaze became brighter and brighter, and it even slowly suffused with a complicated color that it never had.
 Its expression became more human-like.
 Not only that, the orange cat was shocked to discover that its hearing, sense of smell, and vision had changed drastically.
 Moreover, it seemed to understand and interpret many things that it could not in the past.
 Of course, this was excluding the miracle of Li Yu pulling out a towering ancient tree with a load of feces.
 How could Li Yu know that the orange cat had actually seen the process of him “planting” the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree? He would never expect that the appearance of the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree would give the orange cat human-like intelligence.
 He stood under the tree and felt the baptism of spiritual energy and Dao fate, even though he did not need it.
 Still, under the nourishment of this strange energy, he felt comfortable as if every cell was undergoing health care.
 He felt refreshed, his body and mind were carefree, his spiritual will was sharp, and his mind was clear…
 In short, he could only think of three words to describe it. Awesome, awesome, awesome.
 Not only that, but the craftsmen who were busy with the construction work in the distance also felt strange energy circulating in their bodies as if it was a warm current.
 Their exhaustion was instantly swept away. They were filled with vitality, minds were clear, and their movements became agile. Their working speed also increased.
 Although they were surprised, they did not know why.
 Naturally, this kind of immortal Holy Land had its own magic that benefited them greatly.
 At the same time, the plants within a radius of a few kilometers around Nine-tailed Mountain became luxuriant.
 Many plants were even growing at a visible rate.
 The hillside was also instantly filled with fresh flowers, and some rare fruits were silently produced.
 Countless animals were jubilant, and their bodies were undergoing wonderful changes.
 The purple lightning flood dragon that was laying on the Nine-tailed Mountain had similarly sensed the dense spiritual energy and Dao fate, and its eyes gave a pleasantly surprised expression.
 Immediately, it twisted its body with a look of enjoyment and even let out a strange snore.
 The Chongming Bird resting on the scholar tree sensed the source of the spiritual energy and Dao fate immediately. It flew directly to Li Yu’s courtyard and landed on the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree.
 Its feathers glowed visibly, becoming more gorgeous and beautiful.
 This Ancient Dao Fate Tree is indeed miraculous! With this ancient tree around, this Nine-tailed Mountain will instantly become a precious holy land!?Li Yu thought.
 After a long time, the Nine-tailed Mountain was suddenly enveloped by a light screen. It was Li Qingyun who had set up the Protective Mountain Array.
 This grand array formation enveloped Nine-tailed Mountain and another mountain set aside for future development, covering an area of five kilometers.
 Golden light flowed on the light screen, and profound runes appeared and faded.
 In the end, the luster disappeared and became completely transparent.
 This grand array formation was like an invisible barrier that protected the entire Qingyun Sect’s territory.
 No one could pass through other than the mountain gate. The only way was to control the array formation to open the passage at the gate.
 Not only that, but the array formation also had concealment function to a certain extent.
 Thus, the Nine-tailed Mountain and the other one at the side seemed enveloped by a layer of immortal mist.
 It was as if the two peaks were blurred.
 People could vaguely see the outline of the two peaks, but they could not see the details.
 As the sunset in the west, the two flying boats carrying more than a thousand disciples finally arrived near Nine-tailed Mountain.
 On the flying boats, the disciples looked at their destination with anticipation.
 Some of the teenagers, who were  familiar with each other, chatted excitedly.
 On the other hand, Ji Qinglan stood alone at the side of the boat, and he was still thinking about what had happened today. He used to believe that even though he had lost to Li Yu, as long as he worked hard, he would have the chance to surpass Li Yu.
 However, the news of the Divine Weapon Rankings and the death of Crimson Dragon King at the Profound Void Martial Stage dealt him a much greater blow than his own failure in the bet.
 Even though Elder Nie said that the Crimson Dragon King might have been killed by the Qingyun Sect Master, he was not stupid.
 How powerful was the Purple Lightning Flood Dragon? How wild and untamed was it?
 Although it could not compare with a True Dragon, it was definitely the overlord of demon beasts.
 The number of beings who could own a purple lightning flood dragon mount could be counted on one hand across the entire world.
 However, it was now as obedient as a dog in front of Li Yu.
 This was enough to prove that Li Yu had once given it an incomparably terrifying shock.
 Therefore, he knew that Elder Nie said that out of concern for his mentality and Dao heart.
 Although he would not go crazy after such a blow, he could not help but feel disappointed and frustrated.
 After all, even if there was only a major realm difference between them, there was still hope of catching up.
 However, now it would seem that there was an insurmountable gap between him and Li Yu that was practically despair-inducing.
  This made him despair, and he didn’t know what to strive for.
 “Senior Brother Ye, is that our sect?” Su Mu pointed at the nearby Nine-tailed Mountain and asked curiously, his eyes expectant.
 “Yeah, strange. Why is the fog so thick today?” Ye Qiu looked at the Nine-tailed Mountain shrouded in fog in surprise.
 In the past, he could see the Daoist temple clearly from afar.
 Soon, as the flying boat approached, Ye Qiu sensed the transparent light screen.
 Before he could stop the flying boat, golden light surfaced on the light screen, opening a path.
 “Damn, our sect actually has a mountain-protecting array formation!” Ye Qiu was pleasantly surprised.
 …
Chapter 73: Xi Liang’s Invasion  
 The flying boat passed through the light screen, and the mist in front of them instantly vanished, revealing the true face of the Nine-tailed Mountain in front of everyone.
 The disciples were excited in the bubbling boats.
 Although the mountain peak of the Nine-tailed Mountain was not tall, the scenery was extraordinary.
 All things were overflowing with vitality, and strangely wonderful flowers and herbs filled the surroundings. Under the afterglow of the setting sun, it seemed even more elegant and refined.
 In contrast, the construction site on the mountaintop gave off a rundown vibe.
 However, Ye Qiu had  told everyone that the sect was undergoing construction, so everyone knew what to expect.
  “Today’s Nine-tailed Mountain seems especially beautiful!” Ye Qiu was also surprised, but he didn’t think much about it.
 It must be due to the grand array formation.
 He rode the flying boat slowly towards the Daoist temple on the top of the Nine-tailed Mountain.
 “Ji Qinglan, you’ve really benefited from this disaster!” Elder Nie suddenly remarked, his voice slightly enlivened.
 Ji Qinglan was somewhat puzzled. “Could it be that there’s really something special about this sect!”
 In fact, Ji Qinglan also sensed earlier that the spiritual energy here seemed especially rich.
 “That’s right. The Dao fate here is extremely rich. Just now, I almost thought that I had arrived in the Immortal Domain. This must be a Holy Land! No wonder they could nurture a freakish genius like Li Yu! You’re really lucky this time. Cultivating here for a year is equivalent to cultivating for at least ten years!” Old Nie’s voice became increasingly excited.
 Hearing Elder Nie’s words, Ji Qinglan’s depressed gaze instantly brightened up, and he became excited.
 A year equivalent to ten years? That’s unbelievable!  Is this the secret to Li Yu’s power?  In that case, if I cultivate here, will I be able to defeat Li Yu one day?  Though that day might be far, Ji Qinglan’s heart was ignited with the fighting spirit and hope again.
 …
 After the disciples arrived at the Nine-tailed Mountain, they noticed how extraordinary the place was.
 The air was filled with energy that made one feel as if they were bathed in a spring breeze and glowed with vitality, nourishing their bodies and bones.
 It was like bathing in a relaxing hot spring.
 Moreover, many of these disciples had a foundation in cultivation. There were even some disciples from cultivation families.
 Therefore, they could clearly sense that the spirit energy on Nine-tailed Mountain was extremely dense as if they were among the countless spirit stones.
 Even without practicing breathing exercises, the spiritual energy would still drill into the disciples’ bodies and transform their meridians. It was miraculous.
 “I didn’t expect that there would be such a holy land in our Great Xia Dynasty!”
 “That’s right. My father once took me to the Jade Pure Dao Sect. Even there, it’s far inferior to our Qingyun Sect!”
 “We’ve really made the right choice! This is simply a blessed land!” All the disciples were thrilled.
 At this moment, Li Yu, Li Qingyun, and Wu Chang walked over.
 Ye Qiu immediately bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Sect Master. Greetings, Eldest Senior Brother!”
 The disciples followed his example and cupped their hands in unison. “Greetings, Sect Master. Greetings, Eldest Senior Brother!”
 Li Qingyun looked at the thousand-plus disciples and nodded slightly with a serious expression. There was an awe-inspiring aura, and he had the bearing of an expert. Merely his demeanor was worthy of respect.
 Furthermore, there was an unusual-looking Wu Chang beside him. He was like a ghost whose figure was shrouded in a robe, and his two pupils that were like ghost flames flickered with a faint glow.
 Soon, Li Qingyun welcomed the new disciples and gave a passionate speech.
 The disciples were fired up and overwhelmed by emotions.
 All of them seemed as if they were ready to sacrifice their lives for the sect’s development.
 Even Li Yu could not help but want to cheer for his father.
 As expected of a Holy Son from the Divine Firmament Holy Land, his speech was at the top of the game.
 This assembly was even better than Captain America’s!
 Under Li Qingyun’s influence (brainwashing), these young disciples even felt that using the ground as a bed and the sky as a blanket was a form of supreme cultivation.
 It was their first step in pursuing Li Yu’s footsteps.
 A few days later, the imperial flying boat arrived majestically. Murong Xingqiao personally led the way and sent the wealth as well as thousands of craftsmen and many construction materials rewarded by the emperor to the Qingyun Sect.
 Other than cultivation, the disciples spent most of their time on the construction of the sect.
 Coupled with the effect of the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree, it greatly increased the efficiency of the craftsmen. This sped up the progress of the project by several times.
 …
 At the same time, at the border of the Great Xia Dynasty and the Xi Liang Dynasty, there was the sound of drums and thunder, the neighing of war horses, the flapping of flags, and the clanging of armor.
 The Xi Liang army was like a black cloud that kept closing in on the Great Xia Dynasty’s army.
 However, the roars from the Great Xia Dynasty’s side were equally earth-shattering. The soldiers were on high alert, and their gazes were firm. Their auras were magnificent, and they had no intention of retreating.
 After hearing about Ji Qinglan’s incident, the Xi Liang emperor was furious.
 He directly sent an army to the borders and pressured the Great Xia Dynasty to return Ji Qinglan to Xi Liang.
 Unexpectedly, after a few days, the Great Xia Dynasty did not give a satisfactory answer. Instead, they gathered their troops and confronted the Xi Liang army, not backing down at all.
 What surprised the Xi Liang army more was that the disorganized brisket army was now high in morale with gusto in their voices.
 Everyone was united, and a terrifying aura had gathered.
 The unified roars made the soldiers of the Xi Liang Dynasty shudder.
 “Is the Great Xia Dynasty seriously going to fight us to the death this time?”
 “F*ck, where did they get the courage from? Every time they were pressured by our army, they had always taken the initiative to express goodwill and seek peace! They even ceded land and compensated us. Why have these cowards taken the wrong medicine today? Aren’t they afraid of death?”
 “Humph, then we’ll beat them until they submit!” The generals of the Xi Liang Dynasty discussed.
 …
 Not long after Murong Xingqiao left the Qingyun Sect, two figures flew over from afar, but they were blocked by the Protective Mountain Array.
 Of the two, one had a cold appearance and a spicy figure, and the other had white hair and a youthful appearance, giving off a sage-like aura.
 They were Ji Qinglan’s guardian, Yu Feng, and her master, Perfected Qingfeng.
 Perfected Qingfeng was the guardian of the Xi Liang Dynasty. He was at the Soul Formation Intermediate Stage and was one of the top five experts of the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 At the moment, Ji Qinglan had just finished a large cultivation cycle in the Daoist temple. He opened his eyes filled with joy.
 “Elder Nie is right. This Qingyun Sect is really a Holy Land for cultivation. The cultivation speed here is really advancing by leaps and bounds.”
 Ji Qinglan was thrilled.
 His cultivation level had increased significantly over the past few days. It was more than ten times faster than before.
 Hence, the current Ji Qinglan was no longer uncomfortable in his heart. He no longer felt that entering the Qingyun Sect was a form of humiliation.
  Instead, it was like what Elder Nie had said. It was a blessing in disguise for him to cultivate here.
 Even if Li Yu chased him away now, he was unwilling to leave.
 At this moment, a familiar voice suddenly sounded in the air. “Your Highness, Yufeng requests an audience!”
 Ji Qinglan was startled. He looked up and indeed saw Yu Feng and Perfected Qingfeng standing outside the grand array’s light screen in the distance.
 Ji Qinglan’s figure flashed and flew over directly, asking, “Senior Qingfeng, Yufeng, why are you two here?”
 The arrival of Yu Feng and Perfected Qingfeng attracted the attention of everyone from the Qingyun Sect, including Li Yu.
 “Your Highness, His Majesty has  sent out his troops. If the Great Xia Dynasty still refuses to free you, our Xi Liang army will invade Great Xia and attack Nan’an City! Our Xi Liang experts will also flatten this Nine-tailed Mountain!” Yu Feng said word by word with murderous eyes.
 …
Chapter 74: They Thought They Were Hunting  
 “Nonsense! I’ve  said that I’ll accept my loss. I entered the Qingyun Sect voluntarily. Why must there be more trouble? Hurry back and tell my father to retreat immediately. Don’t do anything foolish for me!”
 Ji Qinglan was somewhat anxious. He could not even care about his tone anymore and practically said whatever he thought of.
 If it were a few days ago, he would not have such a reaction when he heard the news.
 He would even thank his father for it.
 However, his mentality had changed completely.
 He really did not want to leave the Qingyun Sect. On the other hand, he felt that his father was playing with fire by sending troops to Great Xia.
  They were completely unaware of Li Yu and the power of the Qingyun Sect.
 Even the Crimson Dragon King at the Profound Void Martial Stage was defeated by Li Yu.
 If the Xi Liang Dynasty really dared to invade the Great Xia Dynasty, it would be equivalent to seeking death!
 “Your Highness, it’s just a verbal bet. Why should you care? You’re the Prince of Xi Liang. How can you actually enter a small sect in the Great Xia Dynasty!” Yu Feng said indignantly.
 She suddenly felt that Ji Qinglan seemed to have turned into a different person after a few days of not seeing him. It was as if he was brainwashed. How could he actually speak up for the enemy country?
 “You all don’t understand the Qingyun Sect and the Great Xia Dynasty at all. Yu Feng, if you still respect me as your highness, listen to this order and hurry back to dissuade my father. Immediately withdraw the troops and don’t start a war with the Great Xia Dynasty. It must never happen!” Ji Qinglan said resolutely.
 Yu Feng’s brows furrowed tightly. She seriously could not understand what was wrong with Ji Qinglan. Where did his former pride and confidence go?
 Was he going to be so depressed and undervalue himself just because he lost a match?
 How could he say things like praising others while undermining himself?
 What was there to be afraid of in a mere Great Xia Dynasty? A weak country that only sought peace with the Xi Liang Dynasty through ceding territory.
 Seeing she could not persuade Ji Qinglan, Yu Feng looked at the top of the Nine-tailed Mountain and yelled, “Li Yu, if you remain stubborn and refuse to let the prince leave, await for the millions of citizens of the Grand Xia Dynasty to pay the price for your foolish actions!”
 Before Yu Feng finished her sentence, Li Yu got up in the air on the purple lightning flood dragon.
 “Bring me to your emperor!” Li Yu said calmly.
 Perfected Qingfeng was shocked to see Li Yu riding the flood dragon.
 This purple lightning flood dragon was no ordinary demon beast. It was top-notch among demon beasts with incredible strength.
 After adulthood, it would possess the strength of the Profound Void Martial Stage. Although it could not compare with a true dragon, it would still have the chance to transform into a dragon if it were to obtain the opportunity.
 Furthermore, these flood dragons were savage and difficult to tame.
 In the entire Immortal Martial World, no more than five people possessed a purple lightning flood dragon as their mount. Furthermore, they were all experts at the top of the pyramid.
 He did not expect such a powerful demon beast mount to exist in such a small sect in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Although this purple lightning flood dragon should not be an adult yet, he had to look at Li Yu in a different light since he had such a powerful demon beast.
 It seems that this small sect isn’t that simple. In that case, I can’t act rashly now.
 Perfected Qingfeng thought.
 However, Yu Feng did not know what the purple lightning flood dragon’s appearance meant.
 She snorted when she heard Li Yu’s words, thinking that Li Yu was afraid and took the initiative to negotiate with their emperor to extort benefits.
 “Tell me what you want to say. I’ll relay it to my Majesty!” Yu Feng snapped coldly.
 “You’re not worthy!” As soon as Li Yu spoke, the flood dragon seemed to have sensed Li Yu’s emotions, and it instantly let out a roar that shook the sky.
 The terrifying aura sent chills into Yu Feng’s heart, and she didn’t dare to say anything for a moment.
 “Senior Brother, my father is only concerned about his son. He wouldn’t really send troops to attack the Great Xia Dynasty. And don’t worry, Senior Brother. I will definitely keep my promise. Since I’ve entered the Qingyun Sect, I won’t betray the sect..” Ji Qinglan was getting anxious.
 If Li Yu wished to see his father, he might lose his father.
 An old monster at the Profound Void Martial Stage was an existence that could destroy a country with a wave of his hand.
 On the other hand, Li Yu was the monstrous genius who had killed such an old monster.
 “Don’t worry. You’re my junior brother, so I won’t harm your family. I’m only helping you inform your father that you’re safe with us. He’ll definitely be relieved to know that you’re eating and sleeping well here!” Li Yu revealed a harmless smile.
 However, this smile made Ji Qinglan panic even more.
 Ji Qinglan still wanted to say something, but he was interrupted by Li Yu’s words. “If you guys don’t lead the way then I’ll go myself”
 I’Il lead the way for you!” the ruddy, sage-like old man said with a smile.
 At the same time, he sent a voice transmission through his divine sense to Yu
 Feng. Tf he follows us, he’ll be walking into a trap. Once we capture him, we
 won’t have to waste a single soldier to save His Highness!”
 After hearing her master’s divine sense voice transmission, a sharp glint
 flashed in Yu Feng’s eyes, and a sly smile surfaced on her lips.
 She wished to see if Li Yu dared to be that arrogant after his capture!
 The purple lightning flood dragon carried Li Yu and followed Perfected
 Qingfeng and Yu Feng west, and they quickly entered the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 Li Yu slept the entire journey. When he woke up again, they had  arrived
 at the Xi Liang Dynasty’s capital.
 Cultivator Li, your mount will wait outside the city!” said Perfected Qjngfeng
 Li Yu did not mind and left the flood dragon outside the city.
 He followed Perfected Qingfeng and Yu Feng through the streets and into the
 Xi Liang Imperial Palace.
 Cultivator Li, please wait here first. I’ll report to His Majesty!” Perfected
  Qingfeng led Li Yu to a remotely located hall close to the Cold Palace and said
 with a smile.
 “Sure!” Li Yu nodded, then he casually sat down on the chair as if he’d returned
 home.
 Yu Feng stood at the side, and she looked coldly at the unsuspecting Li Yu
 while she smiled with disdain.
 She thought to herself that this boy was a simple-minded fool.
 He was not scheming at all. He would probably count the money for someone
 else after being sold.
 Such a person was not worthy of being His Highness’s senior brother, nor was
 he even worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as His Highness.
 “Oh yes, who’s the best in your Xi Liang Imperial Palace?” Li Yu suddenly asked.
 Yu Feng was stunned by his question, and she looked at Li Yu in surprise.
 However, Yu Feng did not think much about it. She sneered and replied, “of
 course, it’s my master. He’s one of the top five experts of our Xi Liang Dynasty.
 If you hadn’t taken the initiative to come and see His Majesty today, your
 Qingyun Sect would probably have ceased to exist
 “Then that makes it easy!” Li Yu did not listen to the second half of Yu Feng’s
 sentence as he continued to speak.
 If he wanted to negotiate with the Xi Liang emperor, he had to offer some form
 of leverage.
 Yu Feng did not know what Li Yu was talking about. She rolled her eyes at him,
 and the disdain on her face intensified.
 Before long, Yu Feng received Perfected Qjngfeng’s voice transmission and left
 the hall.
 At the same time, five figures instantly landed around the hall. They formed
 hand seals, and each struck out five different runes, Metal, Wood, Water, Fire,
 and Earth, respectively.
 Five array flags grew in the wind as five spirit beasts manifested and roared.
 At the same time, a spherical light screen instantly enveloped the hall.
 Perfected Qingfeng believed that Li Yu must have some trump cards to possess
 the Purple Lightning Flood Dragon mount and ascend to the Heavenly Dao
 Rankings consecutively in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Therefore, to be safe, he did not act rashly on his own.
 Instead, he chose the safest method to summon the other four Soul Formation
 Stage cultivators in the palace to set up the Five Elements Spirit Array together
 to trap Li Yu.
 This Five Elements Spirit Array was enough to trap and kill an expert at the
 Profound Void Martial Stage.
 Therefore, even if Li Yu had any powerful trump cards, he would definitely not
 be able to escape from this Five Elements Spiritual Array.
 As the Five Elements spirit Array appeared, Li Yu immediately felt as if he was
 in the deep sea, as if the surrounding space was constantly squeezing his body.
 However, to Li Yu, such power was around zero in damage.
 He leisurely walked out of the hall and looked at the Five Elements Spiritual
 Array in front of him. His face was unsurprised.
 He knew that Perfected Qjngfeng was bluffing and would attempt to attack
 him.
 However, it just so happened that he and Perfected Qingfeng had the same
 idea, so he let nature take its course.
  Perfected Qingfeng thought that he was hunting, but he had become the prey
 from the start
 “Li Yu, surrender now, and you shall avoid physical pain!” Perfected Qjngfeng
 said coldly.
 Yu Feng sneered as well.
 Since Li Yu was trapped in the Five Elements Spirit Array, he would be at their
 mercy.
 He could not escape from this array formation no matter how capable he was.
Chapter 75: I’m  Hiding in Another Country, Why is He Here Too?  
 A handsome young man in an ordinary robe with loose hair sat cross-legged on a mat in the cold palace.
 He was the ninth prince of the Xi Liang Dynasty, Ji Wanjie. He was banished to the cold palace.
 A loser who had been schemed against in the struggle for the throne.
 However, Ji Wanjie’s situation worsened after the Xi Liang Dynasty’s 3000 Physique Rankings appeared.
 He had been exposed to possess the Demonic Blood Body.
 This was a demonic physique, a body that threatened all life in the world.
  At this stage, the ministers had always jointly submitted the petition to request the Xi Liang Emperor Ji Tianchang to execute him.
 It was just that Ji Tianchang still had a trace of compassion, so he had been hesitating.
 However, one may get off today, but not tomorrow.
 Two days ago, he was possessed by an expert at the Profound Void Martial Stage.
 The one who had possessed him was none other than the Blood Spirit Monarch, who had fled from the Great Xia Dynasty to the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 After the Blood Spirit Monarch arrived in the Xi Liang Dynasty, he was delighted to find Ji Wanjie’s Demonic Blood Body.
 Although this physique was not as tempting as Li Yu’s powerful human body, it was the second-best choice.
 The Demonic Blood Body did not have much of an inhibition effect on his blood spirit, and it could barely qualify as a relatively powerful physique. In addition, the owner of this physique, Ji Wanjie, was an abandoned child with no backing and not considered powerful.
 Therefore, this unlucky fellow became the Blood Spirit Monarch’s cauldron, and he died after his body was seized.
 At the moment, the Blood Spirit Monarch was still fusing with this body. After the possession, he needed seven days to completely fuse the blood spirit with his body.
 This was something that could not be rushed. Otherwise, if the fusion was not satisfactory, it might backfire.
 His strength would be greatly reduced during the fusion. In addition, Ji Wanjie’s cultivation realm was low.
 Therefore, the current Blood Spirit Monarch’s strength could barely match the Nascent Soul realm.
 However, as long as seven days passed and the blood spirit and body fused perfectly, his cultivation could recover to the peak of the Soul Formation Stage.
 Once that happened, he would look to use the Blood Shadow Demon Art to devour dozens of cultivators’ cultivation to step into the Profound Void Martial Stage again. Everything was going according to his new perfect plan. Right at this moment, a voice sounded from outside the Cold Palace. “Li Yu, surrender now, and you shall avoid physical pain!”
 Li Yu!
 The Blood Spirit Monarch opened his eyes almost reflexively.
 He looked in the direction of the voice in horror. “Li Yu? Why is he here? Is there someone called Li Yu in the Xi Liang Dynasty?” The Blood Spirit Monarch panicked.
 Consequently, he quietly moved to the top of the wall and looked toward the source of the voice.
 In the Five Elements Spirit Array, Li Yu looked at Perfected Qingfeng expressionlessly and could not be bothered to talk to him.
 He simply drew his sword, swung it, and sheathed it. He did all three movements in one go at such a speed that it was as if he had never drawn his sword and was only standing on the spot.
 The Five Elements Spirit Array light screen suddenly stopped moving. Then, with a blast, it dissipated.
  The vast energy transformed from the spirit formation exploded like a heavy bomb.
 It sent Perfected Qingfeng and the other four Soul Formation Stage experts flying
 Almost at the same time, Li Yu’s figure flashed and grabbed Perfected Qingfeng, who had yet to react. With a bang, he was smashed into the ground.
 The entire ground cracked open inch by inch and sank down, sending ripples in the air.
 That remotely located palace hall collapsed with a bang from the shockwave of the spirit array formation’s explosion and Li Yu’s attack.
 As for Perfected Qingfeng, who was smashed into the ground by Li Yu, his bones shattered inch by inch, and his meridians were broken. He was like a lump of slime that Li Yu grabbed again. This was only because Li Yu had shown mercy. Otherwise, he would have probably merged with the earth.
 The other four Soul Formation Stage cultivators were petrified to watch Perfected Qingfeng lifted by Li Yu like a lifeless slime.
 Yu Feng stood on the spot as if she was a statue.
 There was someone equally shocked. Leaning against the cold palace’s wall while grabbing the grass on the wall tightly-Blood Spirit Monarch. It was really Li Yu! At the moment, the Blood Spirit Monarch’s feelings could only be described with the word ‘f*ck.’
 I’ve  gone to another country to hide.
 How could I still meet him?
 He’s a lingering ghost! “Bring me to your emperor!” Li Yu appeared in front of Yu Feng as if he had teleported. Yu Feng seemed like she had woken up from a nightmare. Her face was pale as she instinctively took a step back.
 She looked at the rag doll-like Perfected Qingfeng in Li Yu’s hand with trembling eyes. Fear filled her heart. That feeling was even more terrifying than facing death.
 Her master was a Soul Formation Intermediate Stage expert, ranked third in the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 And he was crippled just like that!
 Is Li Yu a monster? Yu Feng suddenly understood why Ji Qinglan reacted the way he did and said those things.
 Li Yu was really someone the Xi Liang Dynasty could not afford to offend.
 “Even if you kill me, I won’t bring you to see His Majesty either!” Yu Feng replied defiantly as Ji Qinglan’s guardian. She had some professionalism. She was unwilling to bring Li Yu to see the emperor, knowing that Li Yu was dangerous.
 “Yo, you have a lot of character. But, you should understand that if I’m here to kill your emperor, I can flatten the entire palace long ago. I’ve promised Ji Qinglan that I wouldn’t harm his family, so I’ll keep my word.
 “I only wish to have a chat with your emperor to prevent damaging our relationship in the future. If you don’t lead the way, I’m sure there’ll be someone in the palace who’s willing to lead the way.
 “If there’s really no other way, I can look for him myself. However, you can’t blame me if I accidentally injured the innocent!” Li Yu explained with a smile.
 Before he finished his own sentence, he slashed again. At the same time, a palace nearby was severed by the waist and collapsed.
  “Stop! I’ll, I’ll bring you there! Don’t do anything rash!” Yu Feng cried out. She was well aware that an expert like Li Yu could easily destroy a country, much less kill their emperor. If he really had the intention to kill, everyone in the palace would probably have perished under his sword by now.
 Hence, he might really be here to negotiate.
 If I cause him to mess around and hurt my Majesty, I deserve to die.
 “Come with me!”
 Before long, Li Yu carried the dead dog-like Perfected Qingfeng and followed Yu Feng to a large palace. That place was  surrounded by the top experts of the palace. The huge commotion earlier had naturally alarmed the entire royal palace. Furthermore, the emperor Ji Tianchang had previously heard of Li Yu’s arrival from Perfected Qingfeng. “Let him in!” Ji Tianchang’s voice sounded from the hall.
 Those so-called experts feeling panicky beside the doorway heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts, and they quickly opened up a path for Li Yu and Yu Feng to enter the hall.
 In the hall, a dignified and solemn figure stood there. However, when he saw Li Yu walk in with Perfected Qingfeng, shock instantly surfaced in his hawk-like eyes.
 Perfected Qingfeng was actually beaten to death by this kid! Ji Tianchang was horrified!
Chapter 76: Brother, Why Did You Go Bald This Early in Life?  
 “T’m sorry, Your Majesty. I didn’t control my strength properly just now. I
 thought that the top experts of your Xi Liang Dynasty were strong, but I didn’t
 know he couldn’t even withstand a third of my strength. He’s not dead, though.
 He should be able to live for a few more years with some rare pills!” Li Yu
 casually threw Perfected Qingfeng to the ground and said with a smile.
 His slightly mocking words were like thunder striking Ji Tianchang’s heart
  Ji Tianchang’s gaze flickered as his expression darkened. Although he seemed
 calm, tempestuous waves were  raging in his heart.
 He really did not expect that the Great Xia Dynasty would have a terrifying
 expert like Li Yu.
 To be precise, that was a monster!
 The five Soul Formation Stage experts in their palace had used array
 formations to trap him, but it was pointless against him
 Moreover, Perfected Qingfeng was the top expert of the Xi Liang Dynasty, yet he was beaten into a cripple by him with only a third of his strength. Is this kid even human?
 “What are you here for?” Ji Tianchang asked with a stern expression.
 “Nothing much. I’m just here to tell you that Ji Qinglan is safe. And as friendly countries, I think we should talk about the peace and sustainable development of the two countries!” Li Yu smiled.
 After about an hour, the atmosphere in the hall seemed particularly harmonious, and laughter continued…
 “Hahaha, Your Majesty is indeed the ruler of a country. I admire your breadth of mind and boldness. I shall thank Your Majesty on behalf of countless citizens of the Great Xia!
 “Aiya, I had a pleasant chat with Your Majesty today. If I have the chance in the future, I will definitely come and enjoy a drink with Your Majesty!
 “Oh yes, Your Majesty, if your country still has princes and princesses interested, you can introduce them to our Qingyun Sect to prevent Ji Qinglan from getting too lonely.
 “With that said, our Qingyun Sect has high requirements for accepting disciples. In this case, they must be on the Heavenly Dao Rankings of the Xi Liang Dynasty! Hahaha, no problem, right?” “Hoho, of course. Allow me to speak with the princes and see if anyone is willing to enter your sect. Also, don’t worry, Cultivator Li, I will definitely take this matter to heart!” Ji Tianchang forced a smile and replied.
 “Right, in that case, I’ll await your good news. It’s getting late, so I won’t disturb you any longer. If I have the time in the future, I’ll revisit and pay my respects to Your Majesty!” Li Yu stood up and said.
 “Alright, please have a safe journey, Cultivator Li!” Ji Tianchang was all smiling. He could not wait to send this pestilence away.
     

 “Farewell!” Li Yu cupped his hands, and then he walked out of the hall before his figure flashed and vanished on the spot.
 Seeing Li Yu leave, Ji Tianchang’s expression instantly darkened, his expression so ugly it was as if he wanted to kill. He only had a word to summarize Li Yu now!
 Demon!
 Robber!
 Bandit!
 Although Ji Tianchang was furious and reluctant, he was helpless to do anything.
 In this world where the strong reigned supreme, strength sometimes had the biggest say.
 This was especially true for someone as ridiculously powerful as Li Yu. Ji Tianchang could only accept his defeat after provoking such a person.
 “This damned brat. As if abducting one of my sons isn’t enough. How dare he have designs on other princes and princesses? He’s too greedy!”
 Ji Tianchang berated in his heart.
 On second thought, he felt that Li Yu’s words made sense.
 Ji Qinglan was the only person from Xi Liang in the entire Qingyun Sect. He was likely lonely and did not even have anyone to talk to.
 Although Ji Qinglan would not be bullied with his strength, he still seemed a little lonely.
 But who should Ji Tianchang send? He was afraid that no one among the princes was willing. Furthermore, the Qingyun Sect needed someone on the Heavenly Dao Rankings. Therefore, after some thought, Ji Tianchang suddenly thought of a person. “That’s right, I can get Wanjie to accompany Qinglan at the Qingyun Sect!”
 Although Ji Wanjie and Ji Qinglan had different mothers, they had a close relationship since they were young.
 Ji Qinglan had also secretly taken care of Ji Wanjie all these years. Otherwise, he would have long been assassinated in the Cold Palace.
 It was a pity that the Heavenly Dao Rankings had let the entire world know that Ji Wanjie possessed the Demonic Blood Body.
 He had  become a thorn in the hearts of many orthodox sects and the imperial court of the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 Now, he had no choice but to consider bestowing this child to death under
 pressure.
 In truth, he could not bear to kill Ji Wanjie.
 Yet, he had to give the various sects, large family clans, and even the world an explanation as he was the emperor.
 If Ji Wanjie was sent to the Qingyun Sect, it would save his life while settling the royal court and the citizens.
 It was simply killing two birds with one stone! At the thought of this, Ji Tianchang immediately called Yu Feng over. “Yu Feng, send the Ninth Prince to the Qingyun Sect, but don’t tell him about this. Just say that I want you to send him to a safe place. You may tell him after he reaches the Qingyun Sect. Oh yes, go with Perfected Gu Lan. You must protect Wan Jie and keep your whereabouts hidden lest someone attacks him on the way!”
 Ji Tianchang was well aware that some people in the Xi Liang Dynasty hoped for Ji Wanjie’s death, so to prevent anyone from taking the opportunity to attack, he had to send someone to protect him.
 If Ji Wanjie died, he would not be able to find a more suitable candidate to send to accompany Ji Qinglan. Perfected Gulan was also a Soul Formation Stage cultivator, so he should be well protected
 After leaving the Xi Liang Imperial Palace, Li Yu rode the purple lightning flood dragon back in a good mood.
     

 With the sponsorship from the Xi Liang Dynasty, his sect’s wealth would double again.
 He did not let the flood dragon fly too fast as he lay on the dragon’s head, admiring the stars and the Heavenly Dao Rankings of the Xi Liang Dynasty. When he first arrived in the country, he had a rough look at the three rankings.
 Ji Qinglan’s name was no longer on it.
 There were three other people with the surname Ji on the rankings. Ji Tianchang ranked second on the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 Ji Qingxue ranked 18th on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 Ji Wanjie ranked third on the 3000 Physiques Rankings.
 Demonic Blood Body!
 Li Yu noticed Ji Wanjie’s special physique.
 “If Ji Tianchang really wished to choose someone from his children to send to my Qingyun Sect, it’s surely Ji Wanjie!” Li Yu thought to himself. He was well aware that the name of Ji Wanjie’s physique was clearly not tolerated by the orthodox path.
 Having such a physique as a descendant of the royal family was absolutely unacceptable to most. Therefore, Ji Tianchang would definitely choose to send this hot potato away.
 If that was the case, it was to Li Yu’s liking.
 Compared to Ji Qingxue, Ji Wanjie clearly had more potential. This body was definitely not simple to rank third on the Xi Liang Physique Ranking
 He did not care about the nature of the Demonic Blood Body. The line between righteous and demonic was drawn by humans. There were also wicked people in orthodox sects, and demons were not necessarily heinous.
 Furthermore, it was only the name of a physique.
 After flying for a while, his stomach suddenly growled. He was a little hungry.
 “Little Purple, help me hunt a spirit beast!” Li Yu patted the purple lightning flood dragon’s head.
 If there was one good thing about this world, it would be that he could find a mountain anywhere and hunt delicious prey once he got hungry.
 The purple lightning flood dragon gave a roar before diving down.
 Before long, in a mountain range in the Xi Liang Dynasty, Li Yu finished processing the dragon-horned spirit sheep he had hunted.
 Then, he placed it on the fire and began barbecuing his dinner.
 As the saying goes, anything could be solved with a barbecue. Li Yu firmly believed that barbecue was the most delicious cooking method in this world.
 The mutton was sizzling in the charcoal fire, and the fragrance assaulted the
 nose.
  Li Yu sprinkled some spices, immediately making the fragrance even more tempting
 Suddenly, the purple lightning flood dragon resting in the distant valley looked up and roared. Soon after, a gigantic sword beam slashed down from the night sky. At the same time, a figure plunged down the night sky as if a disaster had occurred. It went straight toward the fire in front of Li Yu.
 Li Yu was quick to react. He grabbed the mutton and hid to the side while the figure crashed into the fire pit with a bang.
 The fire pit was a mess.
 With the help of the glow of the flames, Li Yu could see that it was a shiny flying object. Oh, it’s a person.
 It was a young man with no hair on his head.
 His scalp was so bright that it could become a mirror. Under the light of the fire, he instantly became the brightest boy in the night. The moment he saw this man, Li Yu only had one question in mind. Brother, why are you bald when you’re this young?
 At this moment, the system interface popped up in front of Li Yu again…
    
Chapter 77: This Unlucky Fellow  
 Li Yu looked at the system interface. Indeed, it was information regarding the bald young man.
 Name: Gu Yuqi
 Gender: Male
 Age: 28
 Cultivation: Soul Formation Initial Stage
 Bloodline: Ancient God Bloodline
  Physique: Ancient God Body
 Height: 179 cm
 Hobbies…
 This person can activate the Ancient God Realm mission…
 Yu Qi??Saitama1?  A 28-year-old Soul Formation Stage cultivator!  Ancient God Body!  Damn! No wonder early baldness makes you impressive.  As Li Yu looked at the system interface in surprise, three formidable figures suddenly appeared and surrounded them.
 The three of them were wearing black robes and masks that hid their faces.
 Yet it could not contain the powerful auras they emitted, and they were probably experts above the Soul Formation Stage.
 From the positioning of the three, they were clearly not here to protect the
 bald Gu Yuqi.
 “Little brother, run!” Gu Yuqi shouted to Li Yu as soon as he got up from the
 fire.
 Li Yu was a little dumbfounded when he heard that. Why did he sound like the
 three of them were here for me
 Noticing that the three were about to attack, Li Yu could not be bothered to
 interfere.
 He took the mutton and prepared to leave this troublesome place to enjoy his
 supper somewhere else.
 However, right at this moment, one of the old men waved his hand, and a jade
 sword transformed into a sword light that was around 10 feet long that stabbed
 right at Li Yu.
 Gu Yugi’s eyes flashed as he instantly blocked in front of Li Yu.
 With a punch, golden ripples spread out, sending the flying sword flying back.
 “Run! Now!” Gu Yuqi shouted again, and he stared fixedly at the three
 black-robed men.
 Li Yu did not move. He frowned slightly and looked at the three black-robed
 men angrily.
 You motherf*****.
 Is there something wrong with your brains?
 Im just a ftcking passerby. I have nothing to do with this bald dude. Why the
 fck would you try to kill me!
 Li Yu was  displeased that his supper time had been interrupted.
     

 Seeing the three of them actually wanted to kill him too, He could not tolerate
 t anymore.
 The sword was unsheathed as sword light swept across.
 Swoosh!
 As if an invisible sword Q flashed through the void, the heads of the three
 black-robed men left their necks.
 At the same time, many trees in the surroundings were sliced apart.
 The entire mountaintop was instantly shaved flat, almost having the same
 hairstyle as Gu Yuqi.
 Li Yu put avway his sword and picked up the scattered charcoal around him. He
 piled them together and added some wood, and continued to roast the mutton.
 Gu Yuqi looked at the three black-robed men on the ground in surprise and
 only returmed to his senses after a long while.
 His gaze at Li Yu was filled with admiration.
 He did not expect that the person he had bumped into was actually an expert.
 The one who killed those three Soul Formation Stage cultivators with a single
 strike.
 This strength was truly extraordinary!
 oh, a Master! Senior, thank you for your help!” Gu Yuqi immediately bowed
 and cupped his fists in thanks.
 The person in front of him looked immature and was probably only 17 or 18
 years old.
 However, Gu Yugi knew that cultivation was never measured by one’s
 appearance in this world.
 Some with child-like features were old monsters who had cultivated for
 thousands of years and became young.
 Furthermore, some demons had cultivated and could transform into human
 forms.
 In that case, it was impossible to distinguish one’s cultivation level and
 capability trom appearance.
 Therefore, judging from the capability Li Yu had just displayed, Gu Yugi felt
 that there was nothing wrong with calling him senior.
 “You can call me an expert, but not a senior. I’m not even older than you!” Li Yu
 said as he roasted the lamb.
  His words surprised Gu Yuqi. But after some thought, he thought that perhaps
 this senior did not like to be addressed as a senior.
 Accordingly, he immediately corrected his words. “Thank you for your help,
 expert!”
 “Are these people your enemies” Li Yu asked casually.
 “Not in the past, but from now on, yes” replied Gu Yuqi.
 Then, he walked to the three heads and took off their masks to take a look.
 Immediately, he frowned, and killing intent flashed in his eyes.
 “oh, so they’re here for your special physique?” Li Yu asked.
 The system had a detailed introduction of Gu Yugi, including the fact that he
 was from the Heavenly Fate Dymasty and was from a small sect.
 Three years ago, he awakened his Ancient God bloodline, and his cultivation
 swiftly advanced from the late stage of the Foundation Establishment realm to
 the Soul Formation realm.
 He was like a dark horse that surpassed a group of renowned geniuses.
 He became the first on the Heavenly Fate Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings
 and the first on the 3000 Physique Rankings.
 However, a man’s wealth is his ruin by itself. Gu Yuqi’s sect had  been
 destroyed.
 Hence, based on this information, it was not difficult for Li Yu to guess that the
     

 three people earlier were most likely here for Gu Yuqi’s ancient god body.
 Otherwise, he couldn’t escape from the Heavenly Fate Dynasty here unscathed.
 These people must be planning to capture him alive.
 Furthermore, if those people were here to seek revenge, there was no need for
 them to wear a mask, much less attack a passerby like him.
 It made sense if they did it for the sake of obtaining the special physique.
 Those three definitely did not want anyone other than them to know of Gu
 Yuqi’s whereabouts to avoid unnecessary trouble.
 Therefore, they wanted to silence Li Yu.
 Litte did they expect that they would end up getting killed.
 Hearing Li Yu’s words, Gu Yuqi was startled and looked at Li Yu warily.
 ‘Fret not. I’m not interested in your physique. Mine is much more powerful
 than yours” assured Li Yu.
 Then, he took the mutton away from the fire and asked merrily, “Haha, it’s
 finally cooked. Do you want to have a try”
 Li Yu looked at Gu Yuqi.
 “No, no need. Thank you, expert. Please enjoy your meal. I have something on,
 so I’ll take my leave first!” Gu Yuqi replied nervously.
 He was like a bird startled by the twang of a bow. Anyone who mentioned his
 special physique would make him panic.
 Furthermore, it was someone of unknown origins and ridiculously powerful.
 After all, numerous factions were eyeing his physique as a piece of juicy meat.
 His sect had been destroyed because of his ancient god body.
 He was too frightened now!
 Thus, his first thought was to leave this place as soon as possible.
 Before he finished his sentence, Gu Yuqi’s figure flashed and flew into the air.
 Li Yu was a little stunned. He did not expect that his casual remarks would
 scare this fellow away.
 Your courage is letting down that bald head of yours
 He did not mind, though.
 Indeed he was fated to meet this talented person. And it would be nice if he
 could become a disciple of his sect.
 Still, they were strangers who had only met by chance. He should not invite Gu
 Yuqi to join his sect right away.
 Furthermore, it was not like his sect could not recruit other disciples. There
 was no need to take the initiative.
 Hence, it was best to leave everything to fate.
 Boom!
 Li Yu was about to continue eating his mutton when he heard a thunderclap in
 the air.
 A spherical lightning bolt had struck Gu Yuqi, who had just flown into the sky.
 His bald head reflected the lightning glow in the night sky, shining so bright as
 if it was the light source.
 At the same time, the spherical lightning triggered the storm clouds.
 Immediately, hundreds of lightning bolts came down upon Gu Yuqi from all
 directions.
 Gu Yuqi’s body twitched continuously amid the myriad of lightning bolts.
 Li Yu could not help but grin as he gasped.
 This unlucky dude. Just looking at him hurts!
  After a moment of the dazzling light show, the lightning bolts suddenly
 disappeared, and the charred Gu Yuqi fell from the sky while emitting smoke.
 He smashed into the ground not far from Li Yu with a loud thud, and his body
 surface was still emitting lightning sparks while he twitched slightly.
 Li Yu walked over while munching on his mutton leg.
 Right at this moment, a ball of lightning the size of a fist emerged from Gu
 Yuqi’s body.
 “Ding. successful collection of natural oddities: True Essence Divine Thunder!”
    
Chapter 78: I Don’t Know If I Should Say It  
 “Whoa! A natural oddity?” Li Yu looked at the small ball condensed from
 lightning in surprise.
 He did not expect that the thing that struck this unlucky guy was a natural
 oddity.
 The purple lightning dragon rushed over as well. Its eyes were shining as it
 looked at the True Essence Divine Thunder.
  “You want it?” Li Yu asked.
 He knew that the purple lightning flood dragon used lightning-elemental
 magic power. This true essence divine thunder was definitely beneficial to it.
 “Yes, Master, are you willing to bestow it to me?” the flood dragon said in the
 human language
 This true essence divine thunder could allow its magic power to undergo a
 qualitative change, giving it even more lightning power
 It could even help it break the shackles of its bloodline and take another step
 towards the True Dragon realm.
 “Okay, we’ll see how you perform from now on!” Li Yu kept the true essence
 divine thunder into the system space.
 The purple lightning flood dragon had only just submitted to him not long ago,
 so he could not give such a rare object to it for free.
 Delayed satisfaction produces obedient mounts.
 “Thank you, master. Little Purple will do anything for you in the future!” the
 flood dragon said, but it got somewhat disappointed.
 Regardless, it knew that Li Yu did not trust it yet.
 Thus, it had to work hard in the future to obtain its master’s trust.
 After putting away the True Essence Divine Thunder, Li Yu bent down to check
 on Gu Yuqi.
 This unlucky fellow was severely injured, but he was still alive.
 The charred wound was healing at a visible speed. It seemed like the Ancient
 God Body was truly freakish.
 He did not die even after being hit by such a natural oddity!
 Speaking of which, I wonder if this fellow is lucky or unlucky!
 He was shot down from the sky and thrown into my fire pit.
 Then, he used my help to escape.
 He wasjust about to leave when he got struck by lightning.
 And he encountered the natural oddity, True Essence Divine Thunder.
 Hes one intriguing son of destiny.
 “Alright, since the heavens sent you back to me, it means that we’re fated to
 meet. I’ll bring you back!” Li Yu put out the fire.
 He threw Gu Yuqi onto the back of the purple lightning dragon and tied him up
 with a rope to prevent him from falling.
 As for himself, he sat cross-legged on the head of the Purple Lightning Flood
 Dragon and ate the mutton while driving it towards the Great Xia Dynasty.
 When Li Yu returned to the Qingyun Sect, it was  into the morning.
 At the moment, the disciples were practicing in the morning. When they saw Li
 Yu return, they bowed with cupped hands.
 Li Yu handed the unconscious Gu Yuqi to two disciples and said, “Bring him to
 a room to recuperate!”
 Many simple bamboo houses have been temporarily built in the Daoist temple
 for the disciples to live in.
 After all, they could not always sleep outside. Furthermore, it was not
 convenient since there were many female disciples around.
 The two disciples looked at the charred Gu Yuqi and exclaimed in surprise, “Oh
 heavens, Senior Brother. Was this guy on fire?”
 “How tragic, even his hair was burnt!”
 “Nope, he got struck by lightning!” Li Yu added casually.
 The two disciples looked at each other and got more surprised.
 Right then, Ji Qjnglan walked over quickly and cupped his hands. “Senior
 Brother, you’re back. Have you seen my father? How did it go?”
 After Li Yu left, Ji Qinglan’s mind was filled with the meeting. He was afraid
 that his father would anger Li Yu again. And Li Yu would raze the palace to the
 ground.
 Now Li Yu had finally returned.
 “Mmm, it was a pleasant chat with your father. Oh yes, if nothing goes wrong,
 your brother should enter our Qingyun Sect in a few days. Your father is afraid
 that you’ll be lonely, so he’ll give you a companion!” Li Yu informed Ji Qinglan
 with a smile.
 Two days later, good news arrived from the border of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 The Xi Liang Dynasty’s army had retreated.
 Soon, the Xi Liang Dynasty’s envoy traveled to the Great Xia Dynasty to pay a
 visit to Murong Cang and return the lands that originally belonged to the Great
 Xia Dynasty.
 Another group of people rushed to the Qingyun Sect from Xi Liang with lavish
 gifts and Ji Wanjie.
 The sudden return of their former territory delighted Murong Cang.
 “As expected of the Grand Xia Dynasty’s Guardian Master! Li Yu is truly a godly
 man!” Murong Cang was enlivened.
 Over the years, Great Xia had been restrained by Xi Liang, and it was forced to
 repeatedly seek peace through ceding land. Today, it could finally hold its head
 up high and recover its lost territory.
 All of this was Li Yu’s credit.
 Murong Cang was at a loss on how to show his gratitude to Li Yu. “Pass down
 my decree to announce Li Yu’s achievements in public. Along with such a
 joyous occasion. In the next three years, taxes and corvee will be reduced by
 half, and I proclaim a general amnesty!”
 “Yes, Your Majesty!”
 At the same time, at the Qingyun Sect nmountain gate.
 Li Yu inventoried the wealth sent from the Xi Liang Dynasty happily, and he
 could not stop smiling.
 Ji Qinglan was also smiling.
 “Ninth Brother, I can’t believe Father sent you here. This is brilliant. You’re
 finally freel” ji Qinglan was delighted to see Ji Wanjie.
 Among the princes, Ji Wanjie had the closest relationship with him.
 Back then, after Ji Wanjie got entrapped into the Cold Palace, Ji Qinglan had
 always been secretly protecting him. He had always hoped that his ninth brother could regain his freedom one day.
 He did not expect to reunite with his brother in this way.
 For Ji Wanjie, this was another form of rebirth.
 “Welcome to our Qingyun Sect!” Li Yu smirked as he looked at Ji Wanjie.
 This boy looked talented and was on par with Ji Qinglan. It was just that his
 expression did not seem too happy.
 However, Ji Wanjie-the Blood Spirit Monarch looked at Li Yu with a smile
 uglier than crying.
 He cursed in his heart, not knowing if he should say it.
 After running around in circles, how did I end up back in the Great Xia Dynasty
 and even get sent to the Qingyun Sect!
 What kind of magical fate is this!
 The Blood Spirit Monarch was on the verge of tears.
 Yesterday, a man named Gulan and a woman named Yu Feng suddenly came to
 the Cold Palace and informed him that His Majesty ordered them to escort him
 to a place.
 They did not tell him the exact location and only told him after they reached
 the destination.
 Gu Lan was a Soul Formation Stage cultivator, so the Blood Spirit Monarch did not dare act rashly.
 After all, he had not fully fused with the new body yet, and he was still weak.
 If he did anything abnormal, it would arouse their suspicion.
 Therefore, he played along and obediently left the Xi Liang Dynasty with Yu
 Feng and Perfected Gu Lan.
 Little did he expect to be sent to the Qingyun Sect of the Great Xia Dynasty in
 the end.
 He was delivered right to Li Yu!
 Anything he was afraid of had come true!
 If Li Yu knew his true identity, he would surely be killed with one strike.
  Therefore, the Blood Spirit Monarch was panicking inside.
 Indeed, he had possessed Ji Wanjie and fused a portion of his memories. He
 could disguise himself as Ji Wanjie and hide his identity.
 Yet, who knew if the Heavenly Dao Rankings would expose his true identity?
 My Blood Spirit Sword!I have to hurry up and send it out of the Great Xia.
 Otherwise, the Divine Weapon Rankings might expose me!
 For the first time in tens of thousands of years, he felt that his Blood Spirit
 Sword had become a hot potato.
Chapter 79: The First Stage is About to Be Completed  
 Ji Wanjie’s arrival did improve Ji Qinglan’s mood.
 However, compared to ji Qinglan, ji Wanjie’s mood was terrible. He followed
 behind i Qjinglan without a word and headed for the mountaintop.
 However, as he ceaselessly approached the top of the Nine-tailed Mountain,
 the surprise in his eyes gradually became thicker.
 “This is... Dao fate!”
  The Blood Spirit Monarch was startled.
 He did not expect such a rich flow of Dao fate circulating in the Qingyun Sect.
 It was as if this was the center of the universe. Countless heaven and earth
 spiritual energies and the aura of the Great Dao gathered here on their owm.
 It formed a unique domain on the entire mountaintop.
 “This Qingyun Sect is actually so phenomenal!” The Blood Spirit Monarch was
 surprised.
 This was definitely a blessed land for cultivation.
 In an instant, the Blood Spirit Monarch suddenly felt as if there was a silver
 lining.
 If he could cultivate in such a Holy Land, he would probably reach the
 Tribulation realm before long.
 Under the nourishment of this Dao fate, transcending the Heavenly Tribulation
 should become much easier with the Dao Fate’s protection.
 Once he stepped into the Mahayana realm, he would no longer have to be
 afraid of Li Yu.
 Once I enter the Mahayana realm, I can rule the north region without trouble
 and turn everyone there into mny Blood Demon Army
 The mission that the Young Master from the immortal domain gave him was to
 rule the entire north region of the Huaxia continent.
 Initially, he thought he only needed to step into the Profound Void Martial
 Stage to complete this mission.
 He did not expect a monstrous expert like Li Yu hidden in the Great Xia
 Dynasty.
 Thus, in his opinion, even the Tribulation realm was not safe.
 Only by stepping into the Mahayana realm and half-step into becoming an
 Immortal would he have a chance of defeating Li Yu.
 As he was about to walk toward the top of the mountain, Li Yu suddenly
 noticed a change in the Hidden Dragon Rankings in the sky.
 A new name broke into the top ten.
 Hidden Dragon Rankings # 7: Tang Chi
 Origin: Qingyun Sect
 Wow, Tang Chi has  entered the top ten. Well, money is indeed the
 fastest way to become stronger in any world!” Li Yu remarked with a smile.
 He had  turned this ordinary junior brother into a prodigy by spending
 various pills and medicines for Tang Chi.
 Now he had even soared to seventh place on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.
 Tang Chi’s hard work paid off!
 of course, Li Yu knew that the Dao Fortune Ancient Tree deserved credit.
 Once ji Wanjie finished the admission procedures, there’s only one more
 genius disciple to go. If I can pull Gu Yugi into joining the sect too. Then Fll
 complete the mission requiring ten genius disciples!
 All the collection missions for the first stage have been completed.
 Divine weapons, cultivation techniques, pill formulas, spirit herbs, and so on
 had  surpassed the requirements.
 Even the collection of natural oddities that were not required in the first stage
 was at 3/10.
 The rewards of the Heavenly Dao Rankings during this period of time, the
 lavish gifts from the Great Xia Dynasty and the Xi Liang Dynasty, and the
 belongings of Holy King Purple Dragon, etc.
 It made the Qingyun Sect wealthy.
 As for the progress in prestige points. After becoming the great hero in the
 hearts of everyone because of the appearance of the Divine Weapon Rankings.
 In addition, he had killed the Crimson Dragon King, and he got conferred the
 title of Guardian Master, etc.
 It had  soared to 98 / 100.
 Li Yu also realized that apart from completing system missions, prestige
 points could be automatically obtained by improving his social status and
 doing good things.
 Therefore, he planned to get rid of the Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon in a few
 days, and the prestige points should meet the target.
 This way, he would be one step closer to becoming truly invincible.
 After returning to the mountaintop, Li Yu ordered someone to bring Ji Wanjie
 to settle the admission procedures.
 After ji Wanjie became a Qingyun Sect disciple, the system mission surface was
  instantly updated.
 Genius disciples number: 9/10
 As long asI can get Gu Yuqi, itll be complete!
 Afterward, he did not disturb ji Qinglan and Ji Wanjie’s reunion and walked
 towards his courtyard alone.
 In the courtyard, the Chongming Bird rested on a tree while a group of wild
 cats gathered at the roots, rubbing their bodies against the tree trunk.
 “Meow, let me tell you. Master Li is a god. He was the one who pulled this tree
 out from his butt!”
 “Did Cultivator Li really shit out such a big tree meow?
 “Of course meow, I saw it with my own eyes. How could it be fake?
 “Awesome, awesome!”
 “Stop meowing. Hurry up and inhale more of it. This is a rare treasure. Perhaps
 we can cultivate too by rubbing ourselves under this tree every day!”
 Oh meow! This is so comfortable!
 Li Yu had just entered the courtyard when he saw the large group of wild cats
 rubbing against the tree trunk.
 They looked as if they were on catnip and kept meowing
 “Alas, this scene is just unsightly!” Li Yu smiled and paid no further attention
 to them.
 Anyway, it was normal for cats to do confusing things.
 It would be abnormal if they suddenly became normal one day!
 “Eldest Senior Brother, Eldest Senior Brother, that guy struck by lightning has
 woken up!” A disciple’s voice suddenly sounded from outside the courtyard.
 Li Yu almost burst out laughing when he heard it. This junior brother was
 sharp with his words.
 The guy who got struck by lightning.
 This label would probably accompany Gu Yuqi for a long time.
 Li Yu turned around and walked to the courtyard entrance. “Come, bring me to
 him!
 A bamboo house. Gu Yuqi looked at the unfamiliar surroundings in a daze and
 touched the head that was as blank as his mind.
 Two questions arose in his mind.
 Who am I? Where am I?
 He felt he had lost his memory and could not remember anything. His mind
 was in a mess.
 “You’re finally awake!” A voice sounded from the door.
 Gu Yuqi looked over curiously, still looking confused. “Who are you? And who
 am I? Where am I?
 Gu Yuqi’s three questions made Li Yu stunned for a moment.
 Cool, this fellow has lost his memory from the lightning strike!
 It was a miracle that he did not die after being struck by such divine lightning
 in mid-air.
 It’s  a blessing to only suffer from memory loss.
 At least he wasn’t electrocuted into a complete fool
 Of course, I can’t rule out the possibility that this kid is faking his memory loss
 to give himself an out.
 Hence, Li Yu paused and replied, “Actually... I’m your father.”
 “Huh?”
 “Father’s second uncle”
 “Huh?”
 “Uncle’s neighbor’s uncle’s master’s disciple’s older brother’s swom brother!”
 Li Yu finally confimed that this man had really lost his memory after
 sCrutinizing Gu Yugí’s expression.
 The fact that he did not get electrocuted into a fool was a blessing in disguise.
 The confusion on Gu Yuqi’s face intensified. He felt that he had gotten a lot of
 information, yet he also understood nothing
 I still don’t know who you are? Gu Yuqi looked at Li Yu in confusion.
 That’s not important. Just remember that Im Li Yu, and you’re Gu Yuqi. And
 you’re in the Qingyun Sect!
 “I rescued you while you were severely injured. I used our sect’s best divine
 medicine “Tong’s ’ and pulled you back from the gates of death.
 “Therefore, you have to be grateful. It’s a priceless pill, and I know you dont
 have much money. So, you will stay in our sect and contribute more to our sect
 as a way to repay our sect for saving your life starting today!
  After listening to Li Yu’s explanation, Gu Yuqi nodded with a bitter smile. He
 suddenly felt that it might be better to be unconscious. The reality was too
 cruel to him.
 Li Yu did not say anything else. He took the opportunity while Gu Yuqi could
 handle administrative matters to cut the Gordian knot.
 Gu Yuqi was made to complete the admission procedures and become a disciple
 of the Qingyun Sect.
 With that, the recruitment mission was completed successfully.
Chapter 80: Enraged Mystic Flood Dragon  os
 ‘The next day. A new change occurred on the Great Xia Dynasty’s Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 Anew name had appeared—Gu Yugi.
 Furthermore, he directly passed Ji Qinglan into second place, and Ye Qiu returned to fourth place.
 This somewhat provoked Ye Qiu.
 He swore to enter seclusion and not leave until he returned to second place.
 Li Yu was slightly worried about Ye Qiu.
  This fellow should stop cultivating in seclusion too long since Gu Yugi had a bald buff after all.
 If he wants to catch up to him, I’m afraid he would have to wait for that Qing Cang Ancient Emperor quest.
 Two new names also appeared on the 3000 Physique Rankings.
 Gu Yuqi replaced Ji Qinglan and became second on the ranking.
 Ji Wanjie was ranked seventh after Murong Xingqiao.
 The Divine Weapon Rankings did not change for the time being. Just like before, the Blood Spirit Monarch’s name had  disappeared from the rankings, and the second place on the Divine Weapon Rankings had  become Li Qingyun’s Dragon Slaying Sword.
 The Blood Spirit Monarch broke out in cold sweat as he looked at Ji Wanjie’s name on the Physique Ranking.
 He thought that his possession of Ji Wanjie was about to be exposed.
 It was a close call. It seemed like he could hide for some time again.
 Last night, he secretly sent his Blood Spirit Sword out of Nine-tailed Mountain.
 Before the Divine Weapon Rankings were updated, Elder Kui brought the Blood Spirit Sword out of the Great Xia Dynasty. Otherwise, the Divine Weapon Rankings might expose him.
 Thad no idea that there were crouching tigers and hidden dragons in this Qingyun Sect. Now even an Ancient God Body has appeared! Incredible. This is one of the top ten physiques among the three thousand physiques. Even those in the immortal realms will probably be jealous.
 However, not even the Ancient God Body surpasses Li Yu’s body. Tsk tsk, this kid’s physique is ridiculous. Sigh, if only I could possess it, it would be perfect!”
 The Blood Spirit Monarch still felt a sense of pity.
 He was craving Li Yu’s body… uh, physique!
 ‘The appearance of the Ancient God Body and the Demonic Blood Body alarmed many people again. It was especially so for the various large sects of the Great Xia Dynasty.
 “Ancient God body? My god, now the Qingyun Sect has such a physique!”
 “Who is this Gu Yui? I’ve never heard of her before.”
 “He might be a new disciple of the Qingyun Sect!”
 “I can’t believe it. An Ancient God Body actually appeared on the Great Xia Dynasty’s 3000 Physique Rankings!”
 “So what if he has such a physique? He’s still ranked behind Li Yu’s body!”
 “Hmm, Li Yu’s physique is really amazing! Even the Ancient God Body can only be ranked second!”
 “Yeah, Li Yu is a miracle himself!”
 “Eh? That Ji Wanjie is also a prince of the Xi Liang Dynasty, right?”
 “probably. I heard the Xi Liang Emperor sent another prince to cultivate in the Qingyun Sect and accompany Ji Qinglan. It must be this person!”
 “Demonic Blood Body? No wonder he got sent to the Qingyun Sect here!”
 “Those Xi Liang people are calculative. How sinister of them to send such a person with a Demon Body to our Great Xia. How sinister!”
 “And the Qingyun Sect actually accepted such a person with a demonic physique! Isn’t this nurturing a tiger to invite trouble?”
 “What are you afraid of? Our Great Xia needs to show such benevolence. Why would Li Yu be afraid of a Demonic Blood Body overturning the heavens with his strength!”
 “That’s right. It’s safer to keep such a demonic body by Li Yu’s side!”
 The various large sects discussed the two new names on the Heavenly Dao Rankings, Gu Yugi and Ji Wanjie.
 Days passed, and Gu Yuqi had basically recovered his memories.
 His cultivation life in the Qingyun Sect and his interaction with Li Yu made him relax and drop his guard.
 He also found a sense of belonging that he had not felt in a long time. Everyone here treated him well.
 Despite the fact that almost everyone knew that he had been struck by lightning, he knew that they did not have the intention to mock him. They were only concerned about how he had lost his hair after getting struck by lightning.
 “Senior Brother, you know that my Ancient God Body is powerful and will be coveted by many. I’m the source of calamity, and it might implicate the sect!” Gu Yuqi was still worried.
 Although he desired to stay in the Qingyun Sect, he did not wish to put the Qingyun Sect in danger because of him.
 “So what? Isn’t it ranked behind my physique!” Li Yu replied calmly. He knew what Gu Yuqi meant.
 “The one who wanted to snatch my Ancient God Body is especially influential. That faction is an existence we can’t mess with. I don’t want to implicate the Qingyun Sect. My previous sect has  been destroyed miserably because of me!” Gu Yuqi paused and added.
 “Don’t worry, my Junior Brother. You can rest assured and cultivate in our Qingyun Sect with me around. I don’t care who he is. If anyone dares to offend our Qingyun Sect, I will personally teach him a lesson!” Li Yu patted Gu Yugj’s shoulder and assured him.
 His gaze was sincere and firm, touching Gu Yuqi.
 However, while he was touched, he still felt that Li Yu had underestimated how powerful that faction was.
 Of course, he recognized that Li Yu’s potential was ridiculous. Li Yu possessed a physique that was more formidable than his own.
 The ability to kill three Soul Formation Stage cultivators with ease at his age was indeed extraordinary.
 However, the expert behind that faction should be standing at the peak of this world.
 “Oh yes, what kind of faction are you talking about? Why are you so afraid?” Li Yu asked.
 Gu Yuqi went silent for a moment, then he said with a grave expression, “The Heavenly Fate Emperor!”
 “T’ve never heard of him. Is he that powerful?” Li Yu shrugged.
 “He’s that impressive. The Heavenly Fate Emperor is  at the peak of the Mahayana Realm and can ascend into an immortal at any time!”
 “He’s about to become an immortal, yet he’s still doing such wicked deeds. I don’t think he’s worthy of immortality and seeking the Dao. Relax, if he dares to come looking for trouble, I’ll help you deal with him.
 “At most, I can just hand you over if I really can’t beat him!”
 ‘The comers of Gu Yuqi’s mouth twitched. Do you have to be so blunt?
 Regardless, he knew that Li Yu was joking.
 Li Yu knew that the person who wanted to seize his physique was the Heavenly Fate Emperor, but he still dared to keep him in the sect. This was  a bold move.
 Gu Yuqi knew he should be grateful and return the favor.
 “Thank you, Senior Brother!” Gu Yuqi did not say anything else.
 He understood that the most important thing now was to cultivate diligently.
 He had to use the ancient god bloodline he had awakened as soon as possible to enter the Mahayana Realm.
 Once I enter the Mahayana Realm, I should be able to match the Heavenly Fortune Emperor with my physique and bloodline divine arts.
 This way, I would no longer have to be afraid of being possessed and have the ability to protect the Qingyun Sect.
 In the afternoon, Elder Hu of the Jade Pure Dao Sect brought his men to the Qingyum Sect to discuss the appointment ceremony with Li Yu.
 The time was set to a month later. Every orthodox sect of the Great Xia Dynasty would participate in this grand event.
 They even invited various noble families and cultivation families.
 The Jade Pure Dao Sect would use this opportunity to announce to the entire Great Xia Dynasty that Li Yu had become an honorary elder of the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 This was the core objective of the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 After all, in the opinion of the Jade Pure Dao Sect, they planned to rely on Li Yu’s current reputation to improve the Jade Pure Dao Sect’s prestige.
 Of course, this was also a manifestation of a strong alliance.
 To Li Yu, becoming an honorary elder of the Jade Pure Dao Sect was similar to becoming a celebrity spokesperson in his previous life.
 The ceremony was like inviting celebrity endorsement to attend an event promoting the brand.
 Quality products and brands could also increase a celebrity’s social status and prestige.
 It was the same for becoming an honorary elder of the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 ‘The status and influence of the Jade Pure Dao Sect in the Great Xia Dynasty and even the entire Huaxia continent was far superior to the current Qingyun Sect.
 After all, it had existed for ten thousand years, and it had a deep foundation that had great influence.
  It was also a core member of the Huaxia Continent’s sect alliance, and its influence and status were extremely high up in the hierarchy.
 Therefore, Li Yu’s appointment as the honorary elder of the Jade Pure Dao Sect was a way to up the prestige of Li Yu and the Qingyun Sect behind him.
 Two days later, a piece of news shook the Great Xia Dynasty. It also reached Li Yu’s ears.
 The Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon flooded the entire Yun Prefecture, causing more than ten thousand deaths and many more citizens to be displaced.
 The reason was that Perfected Yu Hua brought elders and attempted to subdue this demon a few days ago.
 In the end, they failed, and Perfected Yu Hua was severely injured.
 It infuriated the Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon, leading to the flooding of the Yun Prefecture.
 After learning this, Li Yu immediately rode the purple lightning flood dragon to the Yun Prefecture.
Chapter 81: The Incredible Great Xia Dynasty  os
 The Black Sea of the Yun Prefecture covered a large expanse. It seemed like an inland sea.
 However, although it was called the Black Sea, it was actually a lake.
 The scenery of this lake was picturesque. If not for the terrifying greater demon hidden within, it would not be an exaggeration to call it a paradise on earth.
 A group of over ten people flew over on flying swords from the south of the Yun Prefecture.
 Their clothes fluttered in the wind and exuded extraordinary auras. They had the demeanor of immortals.
 They were the cream of the crop among the current generation disciples of the Clear Void Holy Land of the Huaxia Continent.
  The weakest was at the late stage of the Nascent Soul realm, while five of them were at the Soul Formation realm.
 These five people were also ranked among the nine orders of the Clear Void Holy Land. They were known as the Nine Sons of Clear Void.
 The person in the lead was the fifth-order—Duan Tianming.
 With a late-stage Soul Formation Stage cultivation, he possessed the Water Spirit Dao Body, ranked seventh on the Heavenly Fate Dynasty’s 3000 Physiques Rankings.
 The few of them flew at extreme speed. In the blink of an eye, they were  50 kilometers away. Soon, they arrived above the Black Sea.
 However, just as the group arrived, their gazes were attracted by the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the distance.
 Their eyes widened in surprise.
 “Dragon Slaying Sword and Li Qingyun! He’s in the Great Xia Dynasty!” Duan Tianming frowned.
 The others looked at the three rankings with complicated expressions, and the shock in their eyes intensified.
 They had heard rumors that Li Qingyun might be in a country in the north region.
 The Great Elder even secretly sent people to investigate Li Qingyun.
 They did not expect to find Li Qingyun’s name on the Great Xia Dynasty’s Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 Duan Tianming was the only person among them who had seen Li Qingyun fight his way into the Clear Void Holy Land.
 Hence, he instinctively feared Li Qingyun.
 Fortunately, almost a hundred years had passed. Duan Tianming had also gone from that brat in the initial stage of the Golden Core Realm back then to the true expert in the late stage of the Soul Formation Realm now.
 Furthermore, while Li Qingyun was in the Great Xia Dynasty, the Jade Pure Dao Sect still requested help from the Clear Void Holy Land.
 It should mean that Li Qingyun’s cultivation had not recovered and was no longer a threat.
 However, Li Qingyun’s name was not the only thing that surprised them.
 There was also Li Yu, who topped all three rankings.
 Is this Li Yu Li Qingyun’s son?
 He’s only 17 years old, and he’s actually stronger than Gu Yugi?
 One had to know that Gu Yugi topped the Heavenly Fate Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings!
 A 28-year-old Soul Formation Stage cultivator was one of the top prodigies in the world.
 Yet, Li Yu was only 17 years old, and he had actually ranked ahead of Gu Yugi.
 Is this because he had the home advantage?
 That’s ridiculous!
 Gu Yuqi had actually entered the Qingyun Sect in the Great Xia Dynasty?
 And his Ancient God Body was ranked behind Li Yu?
 And… What kind of sword is that ordinary-looking sword that’s even more powerful than the Dragon Slaying Sword?
 The Dragon Slaying Sword used to rank first in their Heavenly Fate Dynasty.
 Even their Holy Lord’s divine weapon could only sit in second place.
 Yet, the Dragon Slaying Sword was also ranked behind Li Yu’s weapon.
 And.
 At the moment, everyone from the Clear Void Holy Land could not calm their hearts.
 The information from the Great Xia Dynasty’s Heavenly Dao Rankings was too much for them to digest for a moment.
 There were too many things that they could not understand.
 Including why Gu Yugi decided to enter Qingyun Sect?
 The Clear Void Holy Land had issued an invitation in the past, but he had rejected them.
 Later on, they heard that Gu Yugqj’s sect had been destroyed by an unknown force, and Gu Yuqi’s whereabouts became unknown.
 They did not expect him to be in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Of course, what they could not understand was.
 What the hell is that human body in front of the Ancient God Body?
 It simply baffled them.
 The Heavenly Dao Rankings no longer had any annotations regarding the human body.
 Therefore, everyone from the Clear Void Holy Land was perplexed.
 Was this ‘human body’ the most ordinary human body?
 Or could it be something else, some unknown powerful physique?
 Most importantly, all these unusual events were related to Li Qingyun, which gave them mixed feelings.
 “Senior Brother, do you know what sort of physique that person possesses? Have you never heard of it in the past?” Luo Ziyang asked.
 “I don’t know. Perhaps we’re poorly informed, but the Great Xia Dynasty is filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. I can’t believe there are so many extraordinary physiques!” Duan Tianming replied.
 The Connate Sword Body, the Great Expanse Dao Body, and the Stellar Dao Body were physiques that could rank in the top ten in their Heavenly Fate Dynasty.
 And there were so many powerful physiques in a small country in the north region. This was beyond his expectations.
 “Senior Brother, Li Qingyun recovered the Dragon Slaying Sword but has been hiding in this small country in the northern region. He must have let go of what happened back then. After all, young people like tough talks. Now that so many years have passed, he should have disregarded all enmity. Why
 don’t we pay a visit to the Qingyun Sect after we kill the Mystic Flood Dragon? I’m very curious about Li Yu!”
 The person who spoke was a handsome young man with an extraordinary bearing.
 Qin Yueheng was the son of the Clear Void Holy Land’s Justice Hall Master.
 He was at the late stage of the Nascent Soul realm at the age of 25.
 He was only inferior to Gu Yuqi on the Heavenly Fate Dynasty’s Hidden Dragon Rankings at second place.
 Moreover, he had the True Yang Sacred Body, second only to the Ancient God Body.
 In the future, he would definitely be a candidate for the Clear Void Holy Land’s Order, and he might even become the next Holy Son.
 He was not here to subdue the Mystic Flood Dragon.
 He only followed the group out to travel and see the northern region that he had never been to before.
 He did not expect to visit such an incredible country in the north—the Great Xia Dynasty.
 Naturally, it was mainly because of Li Yu.
 Therefore, Qin Yueheng wanted to meet Li Yu and witness his superior capability.
 “Maybe. Let’s move on. We’ll subdue the Mystic Flood Dragon first. We must obtain the Unitary Heavy Water!” Duan Tianming urged.
 He possessed the Water Spirit Dao Body, and the Unitary Heavy Water was of great use to him. Thus, he had personally led everyone here.
 It was for the sake of killing the Mystic Flood Dragon and obtaining the natural oddity, the Unitary Heavy Water.
 According to the information provided by the Jade Pure Dao Sect,
 The Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon’s cultivation was at most comparable to an early-stage Soul Formation Realm cultivator.
 However, it possessed the Unitary Heavy Water, a powerful natural oddity. Coupled with the fact that it was hidden in the lake, it was difficult to subdue.
 Perfected Yu Hua had lost due to the attack of the Unitary Heavy Water.
 Regardless, the group had their own ways to settle such a demon beast.
 After flying for some time, Duan Tianming suddenly stopped.
 Sensing the abnormal movements of the spirit beast in his sleeve, Duan Tianming asked, “Ling Xu, can you tell the exact location of the Mystic Flood Dragon?”
 “It’s in the water right below!” A girl-like voice sounded.
 Hearing that, Duan Tianming looked at the people beside him. “Junior Brothers, get ready to set up the array formation!”
 “Yes, Senior Brother!” Everyone scattered instantly.
 The twelve figures were distributed in specific positions.
 At the same time, they formed hand seals and took out spirit banners.
 The spirit banners grew in the wind as golden light flourished. Runes flew up from it.
  A huge Taichi Eight Trigrams Totem manifested in the sky above everyone and pressed down.
 Immediately, gigantic sword shadows that seemed to reach the heavens and the earth manifested, forming the shape of a barrel.
 They pierced into the water below with a bang and formed a cage.
 Right at this moment, a roar sounded from the sky, startling Duan Tianming and the others. They looked over in surprise.
 A gigantic flood dragon was flying over.
 “Mm? Why is the Mystic Flood Dragon in the sky?”
 Qin Yueheng, watching from the side, looked into the distance in surprise before focusing his gaze.
 “Wait, that’s a Purple Lightning Flood Dragon!”
Chapter 82: How Tiring for You, Mind if I Help?  os
 After Li Yu arrived at the Black Sea, he quickly locked onto the Mystic Flood Dragon’s location with the lead of the Purple Lightning Flood Dragon.
 The lightning flood dragon was a land dragon that was bad at underwater activities and combat.
 However, with the natural talent of the demon race, it could sense the location of the Mystic Flood Dragon.
 “Hmm? There are  people hunting the Mystic Flood Dragon!”
 Li Yu expressed some surprise as he looked at the people casting the array formation on the lake.
 Those people did not seem to be from the Great Xia Dynasty.
  Nevertheless, he did not mind and rode the purple lightning flood dragon over.
 “Why is there a purple lightning flood dragon here?” Qin Yueheng frowned.
 Duan Tianming and the others were also surprised. They did not expect that there were two greater demons hidden in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 However, they were not worried.
 They could tell that the purple lightning flood dragon was not an adult. It should not be a threat.
 However, just as Duan Tianming was about to get someone to control the grand array formation for him and meet the purple lightning flood dragon himself, he saw someone standing on the head of the flood dragon.
 “It’s a mount!” Duan Tianming breathed a sigh of relief. This would save him the trouble.
 Then, he withdrew his gaze and activated the array in full throttle, intending to force the Mystic Flood Dragon out of the water.
 On the other hand, Qin Yueheng looked carefully at the man on the purple lightning flood dragon and could not help being slightly surprised.
 This child had an exceptional bearing, and he was extremely young.
 Although his clothes were somewhat ordinary, his background could not be underestimated as he possessed a purple lightning flood dragon mount.
 Furthermore, he was likely a paragon of a top ancient family to mount a Purple Lightning Flood Dragon at such a young age.
 It seemed like they were not the only ones who knew that the Mystic Flood Dragon held the Unitary Heavy Water.
 “Fellow Cultivator, are you here to subdue the Mystic Flood Dragon too?” Qin Yueheng cupped his hands with a smile and was the first to ask.
 “Indeed!” Li Yu nodded while he looked at the grand array formation.
 At this moment, a giant ‘Thunder’ word surfaced on the Eight Trigrams Totem above the array.
 Immediately, the lightning bolts on the gigantic sword shadows intensified as countless lightning bolts instantly surged into the water enveloped by the array formation.
     

 Bang bang bang bang bang
 Countless lightning bolts struck the water madly, emitting loud thunderclaps. They stirred the water to violently surge as if it was boiling.
 However, the water body enveloped by the giant sword shadows suddenly disappeared at extreme speed in the next second.
 In the blink of an eye, all the lake water disappeared.
 At the same time, a human-like figure flew up from below.
 He was tall and burly, wearing black scale armor. He had two horns on his head and a sharp jawline, distinct edges with firm and cold eyes.
 He held the Black Flood Dragon War Halberd in his right hand and a ball of water in his left.
 An almost transparent water screen that resembled a spatial barrier surrounded his body.
 ‘The water screen was a highly compressed water wall. The lightning strikes that shot from the surroundings were all absorbed by the water wall, and it did no harm to him at all.
 This person was the human form of the Mystic Flood Dragon.
 The Mystic Flood Dragon did not say a word as he looked at Duan Tianming and the others, with corners of his mouth curling up into a cold grin.
 suddenly, he waved his left hand, and the water ball in his hand rushed into the air and instantly transformed into a lake.
 The consequent giant wave was like a massive ferocious beast, carrying a tremendous force as it madly attacked the surrounding big sword shadows.
 Rumble!
 ‘The grand array formation shook violently.
 Fortunately, under the protection of Duan Tianming and the others, it blocked the terrifying impact.
 It managed to forcibly compress the volume of the lake water beyond the capacity of the formation area into the narrow space of the formation.
 The space enveloped by the array formation was immediately filled with lake water.
 It resembled an enormous transparent fish tank floating above the lake from afar.
  Soon, the lake water in the formation began to swirl violently, like water dragons colliding madly within.
 The expressions of Duan Tianming and the others got more serious as they formed hand seals. A giant ‘earth’ word surfaced on the Eight Trigrams Totem above.
 Those gigantic sword shadows immediately tuned into stone swords, forming a firm barrier.
 After a moment of stalemate, the rumbling quietened.
 Just as Li Yu thought that they had succeeded, he heard a loud bang as the grand array formation suddenly expanded in all directions.
 Duan Tianming and the others were forced to retreat.
 They looked rather awful as they did not expect the Mystic Flood Dragon to be that remarkable.
 The array formation could not suppress it completely, even with the combined efforts of so many of them.
 “This Unitary Heavy Water is indeed a natural oddity. It does have tremendous power!”
 Duan Tianming was quite aware that this Mystic Flood Dragon had such terrifying strength because it possessed the Unitary Heavy Water.
 He had heard that a single drop of Unitary Heavy Water weighed 5,000 kilograms.
     

 A single drop could transform into a lake that could generate monstrous waves.
 Seeing it today, it was indeed extraordinary.
 This made him look forward to the day he could obtain this Unitary Heavy Water and control its power.
 “Bring out the Demon Subduing Tablet!” Duan Tianming shouted. The few quickly took out spirit artifacts that looked like stone tablets.
 They pressed down on the sky above the grand array formation. A majestic pressure poured down and significantly suppressed the demonic power of the Mystic Flood Dragon.
 At the same time, they formed hand seals while their bodies slowly moved forward and compressed the array formation again.
 Under the suppression of those stone tablet spirit artifacts, they compressed the array formation space to a smaller size than before.
 Yet, this did not last long. Another loud explosion was heard, and the shrinking grand formation was forced to enlarge again.
 Just like that, those experts fought back and forth with the Mystic Flood Dragon. For a time, they were in a deadlock.
 “This Mystic Flood Dragon is much stronger than I imagined!” Qin Yueheng, watching the battle from afar, frowned and muttered softly.
 Not only did the Mystic Flood Dragon withstand the attack from the Eight Trigrams Myriad Formation, but it also continuously launched counterattacks.
 He’s actually been in a stalemate with Senior Brother Duan and the others for so long without any signs of decline.
 It showed that this Mystic Flood Dragon was not as weak as the Jade Pure Dao Sect had described. He felt that it was probably close to matching the Profound Void Martial Stage.
 “Sigh, how tiring!”
 Li Yu, who sat cross-legged on the head of the violet lightning dragon, sighed.
 He looked at the fishing formation in utter boredom.
 Qin Yueheng misinterpreted Li Yu’s remark. He could not help but nod and say, “Yes, this Mystic Flood Dragon is truly impressive. I didn’t expect the Great Xia Dynasty to have such a powerful greater demon. He probably has the strength of the Profound Void Martial Stage. It will really take some effort to
 subdue him!”
 Li Yu was stunned, and then he rubbed his glabella as he felt a headache.
 Judging from the Mystic Flood Dragon’s ability to play with water, they would probably be able to pad out tens of thousands of words if they were to continue fighting.
 “Hey! I’m giving you two more minutes. If you still can’t subdue this Mystic Flood Dragon, I’ll settle this myself!” Li Yu suddenly yelled.
 He was not in the mood to watch them being intimate with the Mystic Flood Dragon. It was simply a waste of time and life.
 Qin Yueheng looked at Li Yu in surprise, thinking he had misheard.
 On the other hand, the expressions of Duan Tianming and the others turned cold, and they were slightly displeased.
 ‘They were naturally unhappy to be mocked by a brat.
  “Where did this arrogant kid come from?”
 “He’s probably a child from an aristocratic family who doesn’t know the immensity of heaven and earth. He’s so used to being arrogant in his family that he really thinks he’s invincible!”
 “Hmph, what a braggart!”
 “Do you seriously think you can subdue this Mystic Flood Dragon alone?!” Duan Tianming snapped coldly.
 “This Mystic Flood Dragon isn’t so easy to deal with. If we let you help, you would probably become its lunch!” Luo Ziyang grunted coldly as well.
 “One more minute!” said Li Yu calmly.
 “Hmph, there’s no need to pay attention to this arrogant kid. Let’s hold on. This Mystic Flood Dragon can’t struggle for much longer!” Duan Tianming began to ignore Li Yu.
 Even if he helped, what could he do? The Mystic Flood Dragon was  a turtle in their jar. How could they give him the chance to help?
    
Chapter 83: An Ordinary Sword  os
 ‘The Mystic Flood Dragon had  transformed into its original form in the Eight Trigrams Myriad Formation. Its enormous body was like a continuous mountain range that stirred up gigantic waves that blocked the sky.
 At the same time, he controlled the Unitary Heavy Water to generate a continuous impact force that resisted the power of the array formation.
 Humph, if you think you can trap and kill me with an array formation, you’re too naive!
 If not for the fact that I haven’t fully refined the Source Seed that the Young Master gave me, you would all be corpses by now!
 Although it was difficult for him to destroy the grand array formation with his current capacity, he never panicked.
 In this Black Sea, he was the king.
  Furthermore, these cultivators could not do anything to him as long as he had the Unitary Heavy Water.
 In terms of endurance, with his back against the Black Sea and the Unitary Heavy Water in his body, he could exhaust these guys to death.
 When I fully fuse with the Source Seed, it will be the time of your death!
 Bang! Bang! Bang!
 The Mystic Flood Dragon’s massive body continuously rammed into the Eight Trigrams Myriad Formation. The tremendous power shook the surrounding water surface to the point that it became turbulent.
 “Enough, your two minutes are up!” Li Yu stood up and drew his sword.
 The purple lightning flood dragon quickly approached the fishing array formation.
 “Fellow Cultivator, don’t go there!” Seeing Li Yu approach Duan Tianming and the others, Qin Yueheng cried out.
 He immediately rushed over to stop Li Yu, but he was sent flying by the purple flood dragon’s tail whip.
 Up ahead, the battle between the Clear Void Holy Land and the Mystic Flood Dragon had entered its climax. And it was evident that it would carry on for a long time
 Sensing Li Yu approaching, Duan Tianming shot him a glance but did not pay attention.
 The Mystic Flood Dragon was trapped in their array formation, and Li Yu should have no idea where to start.
 suddenly, the sword in Li Yu’s hand swept out.
 Swoosh!
 Time seemed to stop for a moment.
 The Eight Trigrams Myriad Formation, which had activated its vibration mode under the impact of the Mystic Flood Dragon, stopped for an instant.
 The next second
 Boom!
 The array formation formed by the giant swords was like a bubble that popped with a single touch.
 The faces of those Clear Void Holy Land experts guarding the grand array tured pale instantly.
 They were sent flying far away by the massive energy shock wave generated by the crumbling array formation.
 A visible chasm appeared in the lake water filled with the array formation as if space had split open.
 The Mystic Flood Dragon entrenched in the lake was broken into several pieces.
 In fact, because everything had happened too quickly, its body was still twisting.
 Dark red blood instantly stained the surrounding lake water.
 Roar!
 ‘The Mystic Flood Dragon roared and looked at Li Yu in horror.
 The remaining body part connecting its head was instantly enveloped by a ball of water circulating with green light as it fled towards the water surface below.
 “He’s still alive!” Li Yu was slightly surprised, and he immediately swung his sword again.
 Crash!
 The water blob that enveloped the remnant body of the Mystic Flood Dragon instantly exploded into a mist that filled the sky.
 The Mystic Flood Dragon within roared again. But this time, it was a wail before death.
 The damaged body disintegrated inch by inch under the might of Li Yu’s sword, and it turned into a bloody mist that filled the sky.
 At the same time, a ball of golden light that was like a snake egg and the Black Flood Dragon War Halberd appeared.
 “It’s demon essence. Master, would you please bestow it to me?” the purple lightning flood dragon asked excitedly.
 “Alright!” Li Yu replied casually. The flood dragon was delighted, and it instantly rushed over and swallowed the demon essence of the mystic flood dragon.
 At the same time, drops of green liquid gathered from the surrounding mist.
 In the blink of an eye, it amassed into a ball of water suffused with a faint green light.
 “Ding… successful collection of the divine weapon, Black Flood Dragon War Halberd. Successful collection of the natural oddity, Unitary Heavy Water!” The system’s voice sounded.
 Li Yu’s brows raised. This Mystic Flood Dragon had actually dropped a natural oddity.
 No wonder this group of cultivators would hunt the Mystic Flood Dragon. They were clearly here for this natural oddity.
 “$-So powerfull” In the distance, Qin Yueheng stared at Li Yu with his mouth agape.
 He could not be more shocked.
 ‘The power of that sword had not only destroyed the Eight Trigrams Myriad Formation that was maintained by the twelve experts of the Clear Void Holy Land, it even sliced the mighty Mystic Flood Dragon into several pieces.
 ‘That was a grand array formation enough to trap and execute Profound Void Martial Stage experts.
 Just how strong is this sword!
 Qin Yueheng had grown up in the Holy Land and seen various top elites and monstrous geniuses.
 For example, the Clear Void Holy Son was one of the few monstrous geniuses in the world.
 He had  reached the initial stage of the Profound Void Martial Stage at the age of 100. He was definitely one of the few top prodigies in the world.
 Cultivators had long lifespans, ranging from a few hundred years to several thousand years.
 Ahundred years was a relatively short time for a cultivator. A few seclusions might  take a hundred years.
 Therefore, among cultivators, a hundred-year-old was still considered a young man.
 In the demon race, anyone under 500 years old was considered young.
 Hence, anyone in the human race who could enter the Profound Void Martial Stage within a hundred years could definitely be considered a top prodigy.
 However, even a monstrous genius like the Holy Son might not be able to destroy the Eight Trigrams Myriad Formation and kill the Mystic Flood Dragon at the same time.
 Yet, the young man in front who looked younger than him did all of that in such a casual manner.
 ‘What was more terrifying was that he could not sense any magic power aura from this man, as if he was an ordinary person.
 In fact, there was no magic power fluctuation from those two strikes.
 “Could it be the power of law?” An unbelievable thought surfaced in Qin Yueheng’s mind.
 Grasping the ability to manipulate the laws of the universe was a power only the top immortals and saints could manage.
 At this moment, Duan Tianming, Luo Ziyang, and the others looked at Li Yu with astounded and unsightly expressions.
 They had thought that Li Yu was an arrogant brat who did not understand the immensity of heaven and earth.
 In the end, they were slapped in the face in the blink of an eye. This was not arrogance or conceit but true power.
 Furthermore, they could clearly sense the terror of that sword strike since they maintained the grand array formation.
 ‘There were no magic power fluctuations. That seemingly ordinary sword had given them an incomparably overbearing fear.
 That feeling could only be described after experiencing it personally.
 ‘Therefore, when Duan Tianming saw Li Yu keep the Unitary Heavy Water, he did not dare say anything.
 After all, even if all of them joined forces, they were absolutely not that kid’s match.
 “Who is this kid?”
 “Which immortal family’s prodigy is this? To actually have such strength!”
 “Don’t tell me he’s a prodigy from the Immortal Domain!”
  “This is unbelievable!” Everyone’s hearts were the same as the magic power in their bodies, and they could not calm down for a moment.
 However, Li Yu did not know what everyone was thinking at the moment. He casually grabbed the Black Flood Dragon War Halberd and the Unitary Heavy Water, keeping them in his system storage.
 Unexpectedly, the Unitary Heavy Water flew out. At the same time, a spirit sword flew out. It was the Sky Water Sword.
 Hum—
 ‘The Sky Water Sword seemed to have been summoned from its deep sleep. It shook and hummed.
 At the same time, a wisp of golden light flew out.
 An illusory and graceful figure could be vaguely seen within the golden light.
 It instantly fused into the Unitary Heavy Water.
Chapter 84: He’s Li Yu  os
 As the golden light fused with the Unitary Heavy Water, the water suddenly began to expand and transform.
 It slowly turned into a petite loli.
 Her eyes were clear and lively, and her facial features were charming and adorable. Her crystalline skin was soft and fragile. She was not tall, but her figure had begun to take shape.
 It was said that women were made of water. And this girl in front of him was indeed a bodily form of water.
 Li Yu looked at the loli that came out of nowhere in surprise. He was puzzled for a moment.
 “Eh? Where am I?” The loli frowned slightly. She looked at Li Yu and then at her surroundings, and the confusion in her eyes intensified.
  “Who are you?” She looked at Li Yu and asked.
 “I should be the one asking you this.” Li Yu smiled. This can’t be a girl with amnesia, right?
 “Me? My name is Shan Ruoshui!” the girl replied crisply, her eyes clear and bright.
 “Shan Ruoshui?” Li Yu looked at the Divine Weapon Rankings in surprise, then at the loli in front of him.
 The fallen female sect master of the Heavenly Water Pavilion—Shan Ruoshui.
 And he had heard that Shan Ruoshui was a peerless beauty.
 Why is this one a loli?
 This loli was a standard darling, and her figure was even a little well developed. She would definitely be a drop-dead gorgeous beauty if she grew up.
 But… something isn’t right.
 Tsaw an adult, curvy figure in the golden light just now.
 “How old are you?” Li Yu suddenly thought of a possibility.
 “Tm fourteen!” the girl replied.
 “No wonder!” Li Yu came to a sudden understanding. It seemed like Shan Ruoshui’s remnant soul had retained the portion of her memories until she was 14 years old.
 ‘The appearance came from the heart. After fusing with the Unitary Heavy Water, the newly manifested Shan Ruoshui looked like a fourteen-year-old loli!
 However, he did not expect Shan Ruoshui to be this big at the age of 14!
 “Cough cough…”
 “Tm Li Yu. I guess I’m your… master!” Li Yu straightened his back and spoke with an earnest expression.
 Li Yu felt that since he obtained the Unitary Heavy Water, he was now its owner.
 Although Shan Ruoshui’s remnant soul had fused with the Unitary Heavy Water, her essence and body still constituted the natural oddity.
 So there is nothing wrong to say that I’m her master, right?
 “Master?” Shan Ruoshui widened her big lustrous eyes in surprise.
 “That’s right!” Li Yu nodded. “You’re actually the remnant soul of this spirit sword!”
 Shan Ruoshui looked at the Sky Water Sword floating beside her, and the confusion in her eyes got deeper.
 “Well, you have now fused into the Unitary Heavy Water, which belongs to me. So, you are now my Unitary Heavy Water, and I have become your master. Do you understand?” Li Yu explained earnestly.
 “Oh?” Shan Ruoshui frowned in confusion.
 She carefully sensed her body. Indeed, this body was different from what she remembered.
 She seemed to have undergone an unbelievable change.
 Moreover, she seemed to have slept for a long time and had many muddled dreams. She could not tell if it was the past, the future, or just fragments of imagination.
 After carefully sensing and recalling, Shan Ruoshui discovered that some information that did not belong to her had inked into her memories.
 It was the intelligence and memories of the Unitary Heavy Water.
 After fusing with this intelligence, Shan Ruoshui instantly confirmed that Li Yu was telling the truth.
 She had become the Unitary Heavy Water.
 Furthermore, because she had fused with the intelligence of the Unitary Heavy Water, she had a clear understanding of it.
 She knew how powerful it was and its abilities.
 She could also master the ability of the Unitary Heavy Water and its innate divine power.
  It would only take her one thought for her body to tun into a liquid state again, or even an ocean.
 Shan Ruoshui’s appearance was unforeseen to everyone from the Clear Void Holy Land, but they were not too surprised as they had witnessed many kinds of miraculous things.
 Yet, the conversation between Li Yu and Shan Ruoshui shocked them.
 He’s… Li Yu!
 Duan Tianming, Luo Ziyang, Qin Yueheng, and the others glanced at Li Yu, then the Heavenly Dao Rankings.
 They looked at each other in disbelief.
 They had assumed that this young man came from a top-notch immortal family and was a peerless genius from the Great Zenith Domain.
 They even felt that he might not be as young as he looked.
 However, the reality was far more unbelievable and shocking than they imagined.
 He was Li Yu—the 17-year-old fellow who occupied the top on all three of the Heavenly Dao Rankings and got the better of Gu Yugi.
 Previously, they did not understand how Li Yu could outclass Gu Yugi.
 At this moment, they could finally understand it.
 Li Yu was simply a monster!
 Qin Yueheng was stunned on the spot, and he looked at Li Yu with a complicated expression.
 He had previously thought of going to the Qingyun Sect to test Li Yu’s skill, and he had some doubts about Li Yu’s ranking.
 However, he did not need to go to the Qingyun Sect anymore, nor did he need to doubt Li Yu’s abilities.
 “Li Qingyun’s son is such a freak!” Duan Tianming could not calm down inside.
 In the past, Li Qingyun was  the best in the world, an unfathomable prodigy.
 He did not expect Li Qingyun’s son to be more terrifying.
 To have such strength at the age of seventeen, even if Li Qingyun recovered his strength, Li Yu would be more terrifying than Li Qingyun when he grew up.
 “Thope that Li Qingyun has  let go of the grudges from the past. Otherwise, Li Yu will really be a threat when he grows up in the future!”
 Duan Tianming could not help but think of the calamity back then.
 He felt a chill shooting down his spine.
 Furthermore, Li Qingyun was alone back then. Now, he had his own sect.
 Other than that terrifying Li Yu, there was Gu Yugi, Ji Qinglan, and Su Mu. Even in their Holy Land, they could be considered the pillars of the younger generation of elites.
 Therefore, he only hoped that Li Qingyun had  begun to become indifferent to the past events.
 He did not want to experience the same calamity a second time.
 After Shan Ruoshui fused with the intelligence of the Unitary Heavy Water and grasped its ability, she got playful.
 She controlled her body to change into a transparent liquid at one moment and a material body that was no different from an actual person at the next.
 In one instance, she became a giant loli several meters tall, and in the next, she became a Thumbelina.
 It was amazing to become bigger whenever and wherever you wanted!
 “I’s so fun!” The childish Shan Ruoshui was so interested in this miraculous body that she played happily for a while.
 “Um… why is only a wisp of my remnant soul left? Why is it in this sword?” Shan Ruoshui suddenly asked, looking at Li Yu like a curious baby.
 “How would I know!” Li Yu did not want to explain further. Otherwise, this curious child would probably have a hundred whys waiting for him.
 Li Yu decided not to explain under the principle of no padding out and long-winded conversation.
  If she could remember the past later, she would naturally understand.
 It was better if she could not remember. After all, that was not a good memory.
 Rather than living in the sorrow and regret of the past, it was better to live happily in the present and embrace the tomorrow filled with endless possibilities.
 As her question was unanswered, Shan Ruoshui did not ask any further. Instead, she focused her attention on the Sky Water Sword.
 For some reason, she felt a sense of familiarity with the sword, despite not having any memories of it.
 That feeling was just so familiar.
 She held the sword hilt, and the spirit sword gave her a warm feeling.
 The sense of familiarity became stronger as if the spirit sword was a part of her body.
Chapter 85: It Was My Fault After All!  os
 At this moment, Duan Tianming and the others approached.
 Li Yu looked at them calmly. He did not know what they were up to, but they did not seem to be here to cause trouble.
 “Fellow Cultivator, nice to meet you. I’m Duan Tianming from the Clear Void Holy Land. Your strength is truly extraordinary!” Duan Tianming cupped his hands and said amiably.
 Li Yu still had a calm expression, but he had no intention to speak with them.
 Thus, he only smiled casually and cupped his hands in return.
 Duan Tianming was not angry at Li Yu’s reaction. Instead, his worried heart finally relaxed.
  He did not observe any hatred or hostility towards the Clear Void Holy Land in Li Yu’s eyes.
 This was a sign that Li Qingyun hadn’t instilled hatred for the Clear Void Holy Land into Li Yu, and it meant that he might have  let go of the matters of the past.
 ‘As Duan Tianming thought about it, Li Qingyun was definitely not a narrow-minded person as the Divine Firmament’s Holy Son.
 He could become the most dazzling prodigy back then, not just because of his monstrous talent and absurd strength.
 He was also virtuous and heroic, earning him the admiration of everyone and becoming the respected Holy Son of the sect.
 On the other hand, Li Qingyun was young and reckless back then, and he committed a grave mistake for a woman.
 He must have said those harsh words when he lost control of his emotions. It could not be taken seriously.
 Now everything had calmed down. Li Qingyun shouldn’t have to go to the point of fighting to the death with the Clear Void Holy Land and insisting on destroying it with his breadth of mind.
 Therefore, when he saw Li Yu, Duan Tianming could roughly confirm that Li Qingyun might have  gotten over the matter.
 This was beneficial for both sides.
 It was better to squash enmity than keep it alive.
 Furthermore, the righteous path was on the decline. And demons were rampant in the chaotic world.
 The human orthodox sects should be more united than killing each other.
 If the Qingyun Sect was not their enemy, he was willing to see Li Yu and this group of monstrous geniuses rise up, exterminate the demons and uphold the Dao to revitalize the human race.
 Since Li Yu seemed unwilling to chat with them, Duan Tianming knew better and did not speak further.
 He looked at Shan Ruoshui and felt some pity. He was not strong enough and could only give up the Unitary Heavy Water to someone else.
 “Junior Brothers, since the Mystic Flood Dragon has been eliminated, we shall make our return!”
 Duan Tianming then looked at Li Yu. “Fellow Cultivator, we’ll meet again in the future!”
 “Take care!” Li Yu cupped his hands. He still had some reservations about people from the Clear Void Holy Land.
 After all, he knew a little about his father and the Clear Void Holy Land.
 Although he did not hate the Clear Void Holy Land, he was in no mood to welcome them with open arms.
 “Let’s go!” Duan Tianming rode his flying sword and flew south. The others followed closely behind and soon disappeared into the horizon.
 “alright, let’s go back too!” Li Yu patted Shan Ruoshui’s tiny head, who was still tossing the Sky Water Sword around.
 The purple lightning flood dragon roared and immediately soared into the sky.
 Along the way, Li Yu realized that his prestige mission had been completed.
 Next, he would wait for the sect’s construction to be completed before officially establishing the Technique Pavilion, Divine Weapon Pavilion, Alchemy Pavilion, Refining Pavilion, Spirit Herb Garden, etc.
 This way, he could officially complete the first phase of the mission.
 As the prestige value mission was completed, the system issued more tasks.
 For example, reaching 50 Nascent Soul or Transcendent disciples in the sect; ten disciples in the Soul Formation Stage or Soul Conduit realm; three disciples in the Profound Void Martial Stage or Rebirth Realm.
 Collect natural oddities, spirit beasts, divine beasts, etc.
 Li Yu put away the system mission interface and looked at his experience bar.
 At this stage, he would obtain the experience points from killing Shakyamuni Zi Long, the three experts who pursued Gu Yuqi, and the Mystic Flood Dragon.
 It had finally turned the data into a single digit.
 He was still 9.96 away from becoming invincible
 “Hmm, this number is a little too good!” Li Yu grumbled before putting away the system interface again.
 Once the Alchemy Pavilion and Refining Pavilion are built, I can hand them over to Wu Chang. After all, he’s good at refining pills and artifacts. But who should I hand the Spirit Herb Garden to?
 Li Yu pondered.
 After all, planting spirit herbs required skill. Currently, there was no suitable candidate in the sect.
 My dad might be a good choice, but the sect master can’t possibly watch over the herb garden every day, right?
 Eh, aha! I’ll let Shan Ruoshui take care of the spirit plant garden!
 Li Yu had an idea.
 Water generates wood. Shan Ruoshui controls the power of the Unitary Heavy Water. Moreover, girls tend to be meticulous and patient. She should be the most suitable to manage it!
 At the thought of this, Li Yu made up his mind.
 On the way back to the sect, Li Yu introduced the Qingyun Sect and the spirit herb garden in detail to Shan Ruoshui.
 At the same time, he taught Shan Ruoshui the Heavenly Dao reward for the Sky Water Sword, the Virtuous Water Art.
 The next day, the information regarding the Black Flood Dragon War Halberd on the Divine Weapon Rankings changed.
 The owner of the Black Flood Dragon War Halberd had become Li Yu.
 This update made the news of Li Yu killing the Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon public.
 Once again, Li Yu’s name became the center of public opinion in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 The death of the Mystic Flood Dragon also eliminated the last threat in the Great Xia Dynasty.
 The Heavenly Fate Dynasty, the Clear Void Holy Land.
 After Duan Tianming and the others returned, they reported everything they had seen and heard in detail to the Holy Lord, Perfected Taiqing.
 After hearing Duan Tianming’s report, Perfected Taiging was shocked and had mixed feelings.
 On the one hand, he was happy that the human orthodox sects had a monstrous genius like Li Yu.
 In this era of turmoil, it was a blessing for humanity to have such a talent with limitless potential.
 On the other hand, he had not really moved on from what had happened all those years ago. Or rather, he could never completely move on from it.
 Otherwise, many things in that year would not have happened.
 Everything that went down back then was not what many people see on the surface. Only he knew the real reason.
 He had once blamed himself and regretted it for many years. Even though he had worked hard to put everything down and cultivate his character for a hundred years, he still held some grudges.
 Especially when he heard that Li Qingyun’s son was so outstanding that even Gu Yugi had joined Li Qingyun’s sect, the jealousy inside him showed signs of resurfacing.
 It was just like how he was jealous of Li Qingyun’s luck back then and how she chose him.
 Perfected Taiging admitted that he could not disregard his selfishness and interests completely.
 Not many people in the world could do that, not even immortals.
 It was human nature. At the end of the day, one could not escape the seven emotions and six desires. One could not achieve zero desires.
 If one really did not care about fame, status, success, or failure, not caring about grudges, then one could no longer be considered a human.
 Furthermore, in his opinion, the path of cultivation was nothing more than a journey driven by desire.
 He had also thought about why he cultivated and pondered about his own Dao.
 Is it to pursue immortality? Pursue more power? Pursue the truth of the Great Dao?
 Is it to ascend to the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm? For the rise of the Holy Land? For the sake of the world? To uphold justice?
  Those seemed to stand as his reasons, but they were not!
 Perhaps it was in the past, but not now!
 Ever since she appeared, many things had changed, including himself and his heart.
 He once believed that he had  recognized himself and grasped his conscience.
 That was not the case. The complexity of human nature might be the Dao that he could never comprehend in his life!
 “You may leave,” said Perfected Taiqing.
 Duan Tianming and the others cupped their hands and left. As for Perfected Taiqing, he turned around. He looked at the stone tablet behind him, falling into deep thought.
 It was all my fault all those years ago!
Chapter 86: Persistent Ghost  os
 Shan Ruoshui’s arrival created more laughter in Li Yu’s residence.
 Li Yu did not expect that the composed female sect master of the Heavenly Water Pavilion inferior to no men was such a lively and active girl when she was young.
 On second thought, it was understandable.
 After all, every goddess might have been a playful girl in their youth.
 Over the past few days, Shan Ruoshui temporarily stayed in Li Yu’s room.
 A match box was enough room for her to sleep in with her ability. However, the guest room was empty. Moreover, the planned spirit herb garden was at the back of Li Yu’s courtyard, where the Daoist temple’s vegetable garden used to be located.
  The lighting condition was favorable, and the soil was fertile. With the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree planted, that location was best suited as a spirit herb garden.
 Hence, Shan Ruoshui would stay in Li Yu’s residence for a while and begin attempting to plant spirit herbs.
 Li Yu knew nothing about spirit herbs plantation. Fortunately, Li Qingyun was well-rounded.
 Shan Ruoshui was also extremely intelligent. She immediately understood whatever she was taught, and she had an even more amazing memorizing ability.
 Therefore, Li Qingyun only taught her once, and she  knew the planting techniques of most spirit herbs like the back of her hand.
 On this day, Ji Qinglan found Li Yu and said that Ji Wanjie had disappeared.
 “He’s gone?” Li Yu was slightly surprised. Why would a living person disappear for no reason?
 “Tve looked everywhere. All of the junior brothers also said that they didn’t see him. Plus, somebody said that he didn’t see my Ninth Brother before sleeping last night!” Ji Qinglan was somewhat worried.
 However, Li Yu was unhurried as he checked the disciple management interface in the system.
 When he found Ji Wanjie’s information, he could not help but look shocked.
 Soul Formation Stage?
 Ji Wanjie was  in the Soul Formation Stage, and he was only in the Golden Core Realm a few days ago.
 What happened in the past few days?
 Maybe that special physique did something, just like Gu Yugi.
 Still, such speed of improvement is really shocking.
 Li Yu was surprised, but he was still happy.
 This way, he now had four Soul Formation Stage cultivators in the sect—Wu Chang, Gu Yugi, Ji Wanjie, and his father.
 However, Li Yu knew that Ji Wanjie’s sudden departure was definitely related to his sudden improvement in cultivation.
 Li Yu quickly locked onto Ji Wanjie’s exact location through the disciple management interface.
 It was similar to the GPS system in his previous life.
 It could also locate and give directions accurately, a powerful function.
 “Why did he go to the Yun Prefecture?” Li Yu was puzzled. Had Ji Wanjie really fled?
 Why did he flee from the sect? And even if he didn’t want to stay, why run to Yun Prefecture?
 Li Yu was filled with questions, but he did not think about it too much. He would get answers once he found Ji Wanjie.
 “Come with me!” Li Yu brought Ji Qinglan and rode the purple lightning flood dragon toward the Cloud Prefecture.
 In a mountain range of the Cloud Prefecture shrouded in miasma, the Blood Spirit Monarch had just killed a demon king-level demon beast.
 After absorbing its blood essence, his cultivation finally became stable in the Soul Formation Stage.
 I should be sate hiding here for the time being. Even if Ji Qinglan, Li Yu, and the others find out Im missing, they’ll never expect me to be here. Also, this place is filled with miasma, and the view is blocked. I’s practically impossible to find me!
 The Blood Spirit Monarch thought to himself.
 After I kill a few more demon beasts, I’ll head to the Grand Desolate Forest. I’ll return when I reach the Tribulation realm!
 With this in mind, the Blood Spirit Monarch moved on and continued to hunt demon beasts for their blood essence to improve his cultivation.
 After a long time, the Blood Spirit Monarch hunted another demon beast.
 Then, he used his magic power to refine the demon beast’s blood essence and soul.
 He refined it into a ball of pure blood and swallowed it, preparing to refine and absorb it.
 “Ji Wanjie!” Right at this moment, Li Yu’s voice suddenly sounded.
 Puff.
 The Blood Spirit Monarch spat out a mouthful of blood and looked up in surprise. Two figures jumped down from the sky.
 They were Ji Qinglan and Li Yu.
 “Ninth Brother, what’s wrong? Are you injured?” Ji Qinglan worriedly asked as he saw blood flowing down the corner of Ji Wanjie’s mouth, and his clothes were stained red.
 “I-I’m fine, I’m fine! How did you find me?”
 The Blood Spirit Monarch was on the brink of tears.
 What the hell? I’ve escaped so far and hidden so well. How did you even find me?
 This brat! Li Yu is solely a persistent ghost haunting me!
 The Blood Spirit Monarch did not wish to escape either. Cultivating under the nourishment of the Dao Fortune Ancient Tree was awesome.
 However, his fusion last night was finally complete, and his cultivation level had returned to the Soul Formation Stage.
 He was unsure if the Demonic Blood Body owner on the Physique Ranking would still be Ji Wanjie’s name or his true identity after he completely fused with the body.
 He was more worried that some other Heavenly Dao Rankings would appear in the future and expose his true identity.
 Therefore, he still chose to leave the Qingyun Sect for safety reasons. After all, nothing else was more important than his life.
 He would never imagine that Li Yu could still find him after clearly fleeing far away.
 He might really be a ghost haunting me!
 Li Yu glanced at the demon beast corpse not far away, then looked at Ji Wanjie’s appearance, his brows furrowing slightly.
 He seemed to understand that there was something fishy about this Demonic Blood Body.
 It seemed to require him to devour demon beast blood essence to improve his cultivation. This might be the reason why Ji Wanjie’s cultivation suddenly broke through to the Soul Formation Stage.
 However, that demon beast had  become a dried corpse, and its death looked tragic. It was evident that this Demonic Blood Body was indeed wickedly extraordinary.
 “Ninth Brother, why did you suddenly leave without a word?”
 Faced with Ji Qinglan’s question and Li Yu’s ‘You better give me a reasonable explanation’ look.
 The Blood Spirit Monarch’s desire to live was exploding. He felt if he did not give a satisfactory explanation, he would be gone.
 He had an idea and came up with a story.
 The gist of it was that there was an anomaly in his special physique, and some memories that did not belong to him appeared in his mind.
 Those memories had guided him to the Yun Prefecture to seek opportunities, so he left without a word and found his fated opportunities here.
 It allowed his cultivation to soar all the way to the Soul Formation Stage. Furthermore, he needed plenty of demon beast blood essence to feed his special physique. Otherwise, he might become bloodthirsty.
 “Although I can fully control this physique now, I don’t know if there will be any terrible changes in the future. I’m afraid that I won’t be able to control myself one day, and I don’t want to implicate the sect. I shouldn’t have stayed in Qingyun Sect either, but I just couldn’t say it to you out loud. All I can do
 is leave without a word!” finished the Blood Spirit Monarch.
  As an old demon who had lived for more than ten thousand years, the Blood Spirit Monarch’s ability to fabricate stories was still impressive.
 The entire matter was described flawlessly and realistically, causing Li Yu and Ji Qinglan to believe the story.
 Even Elder Nie the sword immortal did not doubt it.
 He was only a remnant soul. Coupled with his limited understanding of Ji Wanjie, he could not sense anything amiss with him.
 Furthermore, he did not know much about the Demonic Blood Body.
 He only knew that this physique did possess some blood refinement abilities, and it might even be slightly bloodthirsty. After all, this was the characteristic of a Demon Body.
 Hence, the Blood Spirit Monarch had successfully hoodwinked everyone with his story.
 He even felt proud of how outstanding he performed.
Chapter 87: Severing Karma  os
 Ji Qinglan looked at Li Yu. He knew that Ji Wanjie’s special physique was not tolerated by the orthodox path.
 He could understand if Li Yu decided not to keep Ji Wanjie around anymore.
 However, Li Yu went silent for a short moment before he spoke, “Since you’ve entered our Qingyun Sect, the sect naturally won’t abandon you easily. As long as you don’t violate the sect rules or do anything bad, the sect won’t chase you away. You may go back and cultivate in peace. I’ll help you ask the
 sect master to see if there’s any way to suppress the demonic nature of your physique!”
 Are you kidding me? The first phase of the mission is almost completed.
 Even if I had to break his legs, Ji Wanjie must stay in the sect for the time being.
  Tl leave this matter until the first phase of the mission is over and get my experience points reward.
 “Tm afraid that this physique will make me develop demonic thoughts in the future and harm the sect!” the Blood Spirit Monarch responded. He naturally hoped that Li Yu would back off and expel him from the sect, allowing him to return to the Xi Liang Dynasty.
 “Don’t worry. My sword will help you wash away your demonic ideas!” A wisp of a benevolent smile curved up the corners of Li Yu’s mouth.
 The Blood Spirit Monarch shivered. He knew that this boy would not be so kind-hearted!
 After he was brought back to the Qingyun Sect, the Blood Spirit Monarch was arranged to cultivate by himself on the mountain beside the Nine-tailed Mountain.
 Li Qingyum planted a few restrictions in Ji Wanjie’s body. It was to suppress the bloodthirst and demonic nature in his physique.
 Even though it was completely unnecessary with Li Yu’s sword around.
 On top of that, Li Qingyun also set up a separate array formation for the Blood Spirit Monarch’s residence.
 It was to lock him up completely while observing his situation.
 If there was really something wrong, the Qingyun Sect would not let him stay.
 Thus, the Blood Spirit Monarch lived in fear every day in the following days. He felt as if Li Yu’s sword was hanging above his head.
 If any abnormality arises, he would have been ‘cleansed’ by Li Yu’s sword.
 Ina blessed land on a mountain in the Heavenly Fate Dynasty, a manor that looked like an immortal’s residence sat on a mountain shrouded in clouds.
 The manor was scenic and filled with strange flowers and herbs. A few cranes rested beside the pond, and the symphony of nature echoed in the forest.
 An old man ina green and white robe was sitting by the pond fishing. The water rippled while clouds swirled.
 Before long, a man in luxurious clothes stepped into the manor on a flying sword and walked to the old man’s back with a serious expression.
 “Master, I found Gu Yugi. He’s in a sect in the northern region’s Great Xia Dynasty. This sect was founded by Li Qingyun…”
 “Li Qingyun?” The old man’s voice rose and fell slightly.
 “Li Qingyun’s strength seems to have more or less recovered, but the strongest person in the Qingyun Sect right now isn’t Li Qingyun. It’s his son, Li Yu. This child’s natural talent is extremely monstrous, and our men have likely died under this child’s sword. Rumor has it that the Netherworld Cult’s
 Crimson Dragon King was also killed by this child.”
 “He could actually kill a Profound Void Martial Stage cultivator? Li Qingyun really has a talented son! It’s a pity, though. Why become inflicted by karma!” The old man’s voice remained plain.
 “Master, do you want us to attack?” asked the man.
 “Please have Mo Wuhui of the Asura Hall take action to prevent any more uncertainties!” said the old man.
 “Then the Qingyun Sect…”
 “T’ve told you before that all karma must be severed!” The old man’s voice was still indifferent.
 “Yes, sir!” The man cupped his hands and bowed before leaving.
 A few days later
 In the Great Zenith Domain, in a remote mountain range, an ancient and dilapidated hall sat in a lifeless valley filled with corpses.
 There was no vitality here as sinister winds blew. The air was filled with decay, and one would think it was in hell.
 It was a place that ordinary folks could not reach. It was also a place rarely known to others.
 Two black-robed figures arrived silently and appeared in front of the dilapidated hall.
 ‘Then, they pushed open the heavy wooden door that let out a muffled whimper.
 Dust scattered from the roof of the shed as they strolled in, the dead leaves rustling from their footsteps.
 The hall was empty, ruinous, and rotten.
 One of the black-robed men took off his mask and called, “A guest has arrived. Come on out!”
 As his voice fell, a stone coffin hidden in the shadows in the depths of the hall rumbled open suddenly.
 Immediately, an old man seemingly on the verge of death crawled out of the coffin.
 “Weren’t you here yesterday?” asked the old man in a hoarse voice as he slowly walked over from the shadows.
 “Elder Mo, that was ten years ago!” said the man.
 “Oh? It’s been ten years. I’ve slept for a long while!” The old man walked out of the shadows, and a ray of light landed on his face.
 His aged face was filled with wrinkles, but his countenance was amiable and out of place amidst the environment.
 If one only looked at his appearance, no one would have thought that such a benevolent-looking old man was actually the top assassin in the world, Asura Hall’s Mo Wuhui.
 He was a tribulation realm old monster who possessed the ability to seize one’s life, eat one’s soul, and kill invisibly.
 He had even cultivated an unpredictable killing technique.
 The corpses of those who died in his hands were enough to pile into a myriad of mountains.
 “Elder Mo. The guest from last time has invited you to come out of seclusion!” The man cupped his hands.
 “Oh? Who am I hired to kill this time?” Elder Mo asked.
 “Annihilate a sect. And bring back someone at the same time!” The man replied.
 “Who is it?”
 “A kid with an Ancient God Body!”
 “Oh? No wonder. It’s been tens of thousands of years since I’ve heard of the Ancient Divine Body. Hmm, this is indeed tempting. I’m quite tempted to have it myself!” Elder Mo chuckled.
 “Elder Mo, the one who hired your service is someone that our Asura Hall cannot afford to offend. I advise you shouldn’t have any thoughts about the Ancient God Body. Moreover, the other party offered a price that’s enough to satisfy you!” said the man solemnly.
 “It’s fine. If this client can’t satisfy me, I don’t care who he is. I’ll take the Ancient God Body for sure!” Elder Mo still had a benevolent smile on his face.
 “This is only the deposit. The list of items the other party promised is inside. Please have a look!” The man handed a storage magic treasure to the old man.
 After the old man checked, his lips curled into a friendly smile. “Hmm, give me some time to recover. My bones are about to rust!”
  As he spoke, the old man shook his slightly stiff neck.
 “No hurry. You have three months to hand the kid over!” The man cupped his hands.
 Days passed. In the blink of an eye, the day of the appointment of the Jade Pure Dao Sect’s honorary elder arrived as scheduled.
 People from the various large sects and families of the Great Xia Dynasty came to the Jade Pure Dao Sect on invitations to witness this historic moment.
 Of course, it was not rare to confer the title of honorary elder. It was just that the main character this time was Li Yu, the peerless genius that was renowned in the Grand Xia Dynasty.
 As the star of the day, Li Yu naturally arrived at the Jade Pure Dao Sect.
 In addition, Li Qingyun, Gu Yugi, Ji Qinglan, Su Mu, and a portion of the disciples of the Qingyun Sect had arrived at the venue to participate in the grand ceremony.
 As for Ye Qiu, he was still withdrawn from the outside world. Uh, in seclusion, he was unwilling to leave for the event no matter what!
Chapter 88: Mantra of the Great Dao  os
 The Jade Pure Dao Sect was bustling with noise and excitement.
 More than ten thousand people gathered in the square in front of the Clear Jade Hall. Colorful lights shone in the sky in the auspicious setting. It was a grand occasion.
 The auspicious hour had arrived, and the bell solemnly sounded.
 Everyone fell silent as they stared at the platform, waiting for the appointment ceremony to begin.
 “The appointment ceremony for the honorary elder of the Jade Pure Dao Sect has officially begun!” A melody sounded along with the resounding announcement.
 A rainbow bridge formed by magic artifacts flew out of the main hall and crossed to the high platform.
  Perfected Yu Hua, Li Yu, and the Elders of the Jade Pure Dao Sect stepped through the rainbow bridge and onto the platform.
 The appointment ceremony began. Perfected Yu Hua, Li Yu, and the others offered incense and worshiped the heavens and the earth.
 After a series of passionate statements, Li Yu was officially announced as an honorary elder of the Jade Pure Dao Sect and was rewarded with an honorary elder’s token.
 Then, the thousands of Jade Pure Dao Sect disciples bowed and said in unison, “Greetings, Elder Li!”
 Li Yu had a solemn expression as he cupped his hands. The simple action was courteous enough.
 After the bow, Perfected Yu Hua continued, “Next, I’ll invite Elder Li to speak and enlighten our cultivators!”
 What?
 Li Yu looked at Perfected Yu Hua in surprise. He was not informed of such a thing at the beginning.
 Are you sure this appointment ceremony isn’t digging a hole for me?
 Perfected Yu Hua could see the hesitation in Li Yu’s eyes and could not help but look at Elder Hu.
 Judging from his expression, it was clear that Elder Hu had forgotten to inform Li Yu in advance.
 However, in his opinion, Li Yu definitely had his own unique understanding of cultivation and extraordinary knowledge. After all, Li Yu had such cultivation and strength at such a young age, and he had even cultivated the human body to the ultimate physique.
 Thus, Perfected Yu Hua believed that even if Li Yu did not prepare in advance, he should be able to share some insights with everyone.
 “Elder Li, to have your current cultivation level at such a young age. It’s breathtaking in this world and unmatched. You must have exceptional insights into cultivation. Why don’t you share it with us!” Perfected Yu Hua attempted to guide Li Yu.
 After all, he could not screw up the appointment ceremony.
 ‘When they invited the various large sects and factions, they emphasized that they would invite Li Yu to share his cultivation insights on the spot.
 Therefore, it was the main event everyone was waiting for.
 Li Yu confirmed through Perfected Yu Hua’s eyes. If he did not continue, he would probably embarrass himself today.
 “Cough, cough. I lack knowledge and talent, and I’m indebted to Perfected Yu Hua for his praise. Since it’s a Dao discussion, why don’t we discuss it together today!” An idea flashed through Li Yu’s mind as he thought of a way out.
 He turned his personal speech into a discussion among everyone.
 This way, he did not have to say much and could allow everyone to speak and discuss. It might even produce quality interactions.
 He only needed to wait for the right juncture to put the finishing touches and sublimate the theme.
 Im simply a clever brat!
 “would like to ask fellow cultivators present. Why do you cultivate?”
 Everyone below instantly fell into deep thought after hearing Li Yu’s question.
 Yeah, why do I cultivate?
 This seemed like a simple question with a simple answer.
 However, it also seemed difficult to answer.
 If they answered it too simply, it would sound uncultured.
 If their answer was too pontificating, it would sound fake.
 This was a sobering question.
 It was like someone asking for the purpose of living.
 It could always make one reflect on the meaning of life.
 Perfected Yu Hua and the elders could not help but ponder. If someone asked them why they were cultivating, they might be able to declare straight away that it was for the commoners of the world and to uphold justice.
 It was like a slogan that every orthodox sect preached.
  However, if one asked themselves, how many people really took the world’s commoners as their responsibility?
 They might not even believe in such statements themselves.
 “Everyone can speak your mind freely. There’s no need to be reserved! As long as it’s your true thoughts, they should be respected. There’s nothing to be embarrassed about!” Li Yu added when he saw everyone in deep thought.
 “We cultivate for immortality!” Someone was the first to speak.
 Many nodded in agreement.
 Indeed, many people cultivated for the sake of immortality.
 Aging, illness, and death were the norm for humans. The path of cultivation was to defy the heavens and change one’s fate.
 “It’s different. We should be cultivating for the sake of the world, for the sake of eradicating demons and devils, for the sake of upholding justice!”
 “There’s no need to repeat such things. This is only the duty of us cultivators, not the core objective of our cultivation!”
 “That’s right. I’m not sure about others, but I think I’m doing it for the sake of my freedom and not being restrained by the world. I’m doing it to repay every gratitude and retaliate any enmity with the sword in my hand at will!”
 “A man’s drive to cultivate is naturally the aim to become famous and leave his name in history!”
 “Tm doing this for the sake of achieving greater powers. So that I can ascend into the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm one day and have a look myself!”
 “Lonly wish to become a sect elder one day and become someone like my master!”
 “Lused to do it for my parents and family. Now that my parents are gone, I cultivate to obtain my master’s approval!”
 “Mm, I think that everyone has their own aspirations. But no matter what, we should cultivate according to the heart. All we have to do is stick to our hearts!”
 “Indeed. Everyone has their own path. Some do it for immortality, some for freedom, and some for fame and status! There’s no accurate answer to the path of cultivation. Everyone has their own path!”
 Li Yu’s question sparked a journey of self-reflection for everyone.
 Everyone expressed their views at once, and the venue became lively.
 Even Perfected Yu Hua and the elders discussed animatedly.
 Still, they were clearly more interested in hearing why Li Yu asked this question and whether he had any transcendent views.
 After a long while, someone suddenly asked, “May I know why Elder Li cultivates?”
 “Yeah. Why do you think we cultivators cultivate, Elder Li?” Everyone looked at Li Yu and anticipated his answer.
 Seeing that the atmosphere was in place, Li Yu felt the need to sublimate the topic.
 “As all of you have said, there is indeed no single accurate answer on the path of cultivation. It’s like how everything in the world has its own path. Why do every thousand people have a thousand answers? Some do it for immortality, some for justice, some for status, some for wealth, and some for
 freedom!”
 “And in my opinion, I believe that we cultivators should cultivate for heaven and earth, for the people, for the saints of the past to continue learning, for all ages to safeguard world peace!
 With that said, the heavens and earth seemed to shake.
 These four sentences were simple.
 It carried a distinctive will and grand ambition.
 It instantly touched everyone’s hearts.
 It even resonated with the Heavenly Dao.
 In an instant, the golden light of the Heavenly Dao Rankings flourished as golden characters condensed.
 For heaven and earth, for the people, for the saints of the past to continue learning, for all ages to safeguard world peace!
 Countless multicolored lights shot out to envelop Li Yu. A river of Dao fate surrounded him, and an immortal radiance outlined his mighty figure.
 At the moment, Li Yu was like a saint conducting a forum to discuss the Dao and educate everyone.
  “For heaven and earth, for the people, for the saints of the past to continue learning, for all ages to safeguard world peace! The mantra of the Great Dao! This is the mantra of the Great Dao!” Perfected Yu Hua recovered from his shock, and his old face trembled with excitement.
 As the saying goes, if one gains knowledge of the correct path in life in the morning, he can die at sunset without regrets!
 Perfected Yu Hua felt he could pass on without regrets after hearing such an unprecedented and great maxim in his lifetime.
 Li Yu’s voice was still reverberating through the world, but it was not an echo.
 It was the Heavenly Dao Rankings repeating Li Yu’s words over and over again.
 At the same time, all the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the various countries of the Huaxia continent and the Great Zenith Domain flourished with golden light.
 Li Yu’s voice echoed through the world.
 “We cultivators should cultivate for heaven and earth, for the people, for the saints of the past to continue learning, for all ages to safeguard world peace!”
Chapter 89: Prodigy Convention


Elegant Cloud Courtyard in the Imperial Sky City, one of the three ancient cities of the Great Zenith Domain.

The Prodigy Convention jointly organized by the City Lord Manor and the Holy Son of the Primordial Dao Holy Land, Chu Yunhe, was held here.

The Prodigy Convention was held every ten years to provide the young elites of the current era a chance to interact.

Those invited to this grand event were the various Holy Sons and the current elites of the eternal families.

The distinguished convention was star-studded, but the brightest star was still the Holy Son of the Primordial Dao Holy Land—Chu Yunhe.

Chu Yunhe’s talent could be considered monstrous as the publicly acknowledged number one prodigy.

He had a Connate Dao Body and formed his own Dharmic Dao. He also possessed two saints’ bones in his body.

He had once killed a Profound Void Martial Stage demon monarch when he was at the Soul Formation Stage.

He had already reached the late stage of the Profound Void Martial Stage by the age of 80.

There were even rumors that no one below the Tribulation realm was his match.

His capabilities were considered unmatched.

Moreover, he was virtuous and talented, humble as a valley, and concerned about the world.

He was graceful-looking and had an extraordinary aura like an immortal.

He was the publicly acknowledged number one Holy Son. Even the Holy Sons of the other Holy Lands would address him respectfully as Senior Brother.

Therefore, in this Prodigy Convention, Chu Yunhe sat at the front. Next to him was the beauty of the current generation, the Holy Daughter of the Divine Pool Holy Land, Yao Xi, whose capability was only inferior to Chu Yunhe.

Yao Xi had a cold personality and did not enjoy conversations. If not for her master’s request, she would not even be bothered to participate in this so-called prodigy convention.

She would always sit quietly in her seat and rarely speak at every convention.

Tf not for her unrivaled looks and aura that made it impossible to ignore her existence, she would probably become invisible in such a setting.

According to the custom, the main topic of the convention today was set by Yao Xi.

The question she gave everyone was, “Why do we cultivate?”

It was a question she could not find a satisfactory answer for despite thinking deep into it.

The Immortal Dao was unpredictable, and the path of cultivation was long. There had to be a lamp to guide one forward, and he had the strength to support his heart.

‘That was the question for today.

She had few desires, but she often felt lost and did not know why she cultivated.

She did not know the point of following predecessors’ path to the very end. She always felt lacking in drive.

Humans naturally lived to seek the embodiment of particular values and find the meaning of their life.

Otherwise, no matter how long one lived, one would be no less different from a boulder or a plant.

Yao Xi’s question immediately triggered everyone’s eagerness to express their views as they spoke of their thoughts.

Some people strive to shine forever with the sun and moon and live as long as heaven and earth exist.

Some strive to curb violence and help the weak as they travel to the ends of the earth.

Some aimed to defend the Dao and revive the human race.

“Hmph, everyone is such a hypocrite!” Divine Firmament Holy Son Chen Chuji could not stand it anymore and interrupted everyone.

“In today’s discussion, we should be sincere. We are all familiar with each other. I believe you might not even believe in whatever you spoke of helping the commoners of the world or revitalizing the human race!

“Since we are humans, we have our desires. I think that you all just don’t dare to voice your true opinion! I, Chen Chuji, cultivate for fame and fortune. As a man, I want my name to be known throughout history. I want everyone to know that I, Chen Chuji, am a great man!”

“Brother Chen is frank and honest as expected, and I admire you. He’s right. Since we’re discussing the Dao, we should naturally open up our hearts and speak frankly. This is the respect we have for all the Fellow Cultivators present and Holy Daughter Yao Xi who set the question for today!” said the Violet

Palace Holy Son, Wu Qian.

“T, Wu Qian, cultivate not for longevity or fame. I’m only jealous of couples and not immortals. I cultivate to win Holy Daughter Yao Xi’s heart one day!”

As he spoke, Wu Qian could not help but wink at Yao Xi.

Everyone looked displeased when they heard that.

We’re here to discuss the Dao. Why are you being a hooligan here?

As expected of the Violet Palace Playboy. How could he say such shameless words?

Ew, shameless and despicable man, how dare you snatch my words.

Damn it, this guy beat me to it!

Yao Xi’s eyes flashed with displeasure.

She was already used to all kinds of fancy confessions, but it was too frivolous to say such things in such a convention.

“Hmph, we wish to have free discussion, not nonsense. Please pay attention to your behavior lest you become a laughing stock and embarrass yourselves!” A man put down his wine cup. He was the Clear Void Holy Land’s Holy Son—Zhou Yu.

“Zhou Yu, what do you mean by that?” Wu Qian slammed the table and shouted angrily.

“Everyone, why don’t we listen to Senior Brother Chu’s opinion first!” Someone hurriedly mediated.

“That’s right, that’s right. Senior Brother Chu, why don’t you tell us the purpose of cultivation?” Everyone looked at Chu Yunhe.

Chu Yunhe sat up straight and cupped his hands slightly. His actions were elegant and appropriate. “I can’t represent everyone. In my humble opinion, I think that we should set our morality, honor, and words as the foundation of our cultivation!

“Morality, uphold moral conduct for the sake of the masses. Honor, strive to eliminate troubles for meritorious contributions. Words, expounding insights in speech and writing!”

Chu Yunhe’s words naturally gained many claps and praises.

However, some were dazed when they heard that.

His words were obscure and profound, but they sounded reasonable. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

He was indeed a talented person. Even his speech was built differently.

Although they did not understand much, they felt that it was impressive and gave their praise regardless.

“Well said! Morality, honor, and words. Concise, yet grand!”

“As expected of Senior Brother Chu, your thinking is levels above ours! I’m deeply impressed!”

‘There were many vassals flattering him, and many of them believed that Chu Yunhe was right.

Cultivation should be done to establish morality, honor, and words!

These three words were indeed filled with insight that was on a completely different level from what everyone had just expressed.

Hearing Chu Yunhe’s words, Yao Xi’s eyes brightened slightly.

His opinion did showcase depth.

However, Yao Xi kept feeling that Chu Yunhe’s words still seemed to scratch only the surface, although it was reasonable. It was as if it came from those sayings her master had taught her.

She understood the point, but she could not resonate with it.

She could not turn it into her mental strength, which could enhance the soul.

At this moment, the power of heaven and earth suddenly fluctuated. Waves of Dao fate manifested from the void, and one could vaguely see the Great Dao ripples circulating.

“It’s the power of the Great Dao!”

“Was Senior Brother Chu’s words validated by the Great Dao and triggered the resonance of the Heavenly Dao?”

“Heavens, this is amazing!” Everyone was shocked.

However, a voice that was not deep yet powerful suddenly reverberated through the heavens and the earth. “We cultivators should cultivate for heaven and earth, for the people, for the saints of the past to continue learning, for all ages to safeguard world peace!”

Thump!

Yao Xi was startled as she stood up abruptly.

Her eyes were bright and burning as she looked into the sky.

She held her breath and listened to the saint-like words with rapt attention.

She was shocked!

That was the meaning of open-mindedness and what a powerful speech sounded like. It was the answer that Yao Xi could not think of herself.

Of course, it was not only Yao Xi. When the voice sounded, everyone’s hair stood up.

It was as if something had pulled at their heartstrings. And like a form of energy had poured into their spirit.

For heaven and earth, for the people, for the saints of the past to continue learning, for all ages to safeguard world peace!

These four sentences were filled with power, resonance, and magnificence.

Just hearing it made one’s blood boil and their spirits lift.

Who said this? It was actually so deep!

Is this the Heavenly Dao’s teachings?

Unbelievable, this is simply too unbelievable!

Everyone was struck and could not help but repeat the echoing words of wisdom. Their hearts became clearer, and their souls seemed to have sublimated.

Chapter 90: It’s Our Fortune


“Marvelous! These four sentences are too well sai

Everyone could not help but applaud.

While the previous praises for Chu Yunhe were mixed with flattery, their applause was now sincere. They were inspired by the shocking words from the bottom of their souls.

“This is what a sacred phrase truly is!” Chu Yunhe was also shocked.

‘These four sentences stood on a higher level than his ‘morality, honor, and words.’ It was more inspirational and gripped the true essence.

It was no wonder that it could stir the power of heaven and earth and resonate with the Great Dao.

After carefully comprehending it, Chu Yunhe suddenly felt as if he had received some sort of enlightenment.

It was as if a form of power had escaped the shackles in his heart. While invisible energy bloomed from the depths of his soul.

His aura kept rising, and the spiritual energy in his body surged as his cultivation began to increase.

‘There were actually signs of a breakthrough.

Chu Yunhe was startled and immediately sat on the spot to meditate, aligning his body and soul with the earth.

Under the grand aspirations and wisdom contained within the sacred words, he slowly poked into the barrier of the Tribulation realm.

At this moment, it was not only the prodigies in the Elegant Cloud Courtyard who were shocked by the mantra of the Great Dao.

The Imperial Sky City, the Great Zenith Domain, and the entire Immortal Martial World, all the cultivators were shocked to the extreme by these four maxims.

This was especially true for the older generation cultivators, who were filled with excitement and shock.

“Who said that? Could it be the mantra of the Heavenly Dao descending to educate all living beings?”

“This should be spoken by a certain saint in the immortal realms. It’s our fortune for it to be spread into the lower realm by the Heavenly Dao Rankings and educate the commoners!”

“Indeed. Only a saint from the Immortal Realm can probably express such great things!”

“Such a true mantra contains the power to educate the people, the true meaning of insight, and the magnificent will. It is unprecedented and will be spread throughout the ages!” DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

“My life has no regrets now!”

“We cultivators should treat this as our path!”

“Tcan die without regrets to hear such sacred words in my life!”

In the Primordial Dao Holy Land, the Holy Lord, Perfected Tian Hui, suddenly opened his eyes from cultivating. They were filled with shock.

“What a good saying! It’s my honor to hear such a true mantra as a cultivator!”

Inside the Clear Void Holy Land, Perfected Taiqing was shocked.

He felt a supreme power surging through his body, causing his blood to boil.

For heaven and earth, for the people, for the saints of the past to continue learning, for all ages to safeguard world peace!

Each of the four sentences seemed to contain limitless power that poured into his soul.

It made Perfected Taiqing feel that his divine sense was clearer and better than ever.

It allowed his Dao heart to become as firm as a rock as if it was supported by the truth.

“Thank you for your wisdom, saint. You have enlightened me and reshaped my Dao heart!” Perfected Taiqing cupped his hands and bowed deeply to the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

In the Elegant Cloud Courtyard of the Imperial Sky City.

Chu Yunhe’s cultivation broke through to the Tribulation realm in one go.

Inan instant, the aura of the Great Dao began to converge around him. Spiritual energy airflow was like a swimming dragon that flowed along the surface of his body.

It instantly attracted the attention of the people nearby. “Look, did Senior Brother Chu… break through?”

“This aura is so powerful!”

“This… Has he entered the Tribulation realm?”

Everyone had just recovered from the shock of the Great Dao’s mantra when they fell into the shock brought by Chu Yunhe.

‘They looked at the phenomena around Chu Yunhe and sensed his increasingly powerful aura.

Everyone knew that Chu Yunhe had broken through.

He managed to break through to the Tribulation realm directly from the late stage of the Profound Void Martial Stage.

This was simply the second miracle they had witnessed today.

Before long, the aura around Chu Yunhe was rapidly restrained as he opened his eyes.

The sun and moon seemed to revolve in his eyes, and stars moved within. His deep and sharp gaze seemed able to pierce through the void and observe the past and the present.

“Congratulations, Senior Brother Chu!” Everyone bowed with cupped hands, and they were filled with admiration.

He had actually broken through to the Tribulation realm immediately after hearing the Great Dao’s mantra. He was indeed the number one prodigy in the world.

“Thank you, Junior Brothers and Sisters!” Chu Yunhe was pleasantly surprised.

He did not expect that he directly broke through to the Tribulation realm under the empowerment and sublimation by the grand will of the Great Dao Mantra.

“We should thank the saint who spoke the truths of the Great Dao. He has truly enlightened the commoners with limitless merit. He deserves our admiration!” Chu Yunhe bowed and kowtowed to the heavens in extreme piety.

Although none of them had a direct cultivation breakthrough like Chu Yunhe, they felt their soul had been sublimated under the baptism of the holy mantra.

In everyone’s heart, they were naturally filled with reverence for the person who had spoken those words.

Therefore, they all bowed and cupped their hands together with Chu Yunhe.

‘They could not calm down from the miracle today.

‘The Heavenly Dao sent down the mantra to guide their paths. Under the enlightenment of this mantra, Chu Yunhe directly broke through to the Tribulation realm.

If this news were to spread, it would probably shake up the entire Great Zenith Domain and spread across the world.

Everyone in the Jade Pure Dao Sect was shocked by Li Yu’s enlightened words, and they could not calm down for a long while.

Of course, what was even more shocking was that Li Yu’s words had actually caused the Heavenly Dao Rankings to resonate and produce such an auspicious phenomenon.

Hearing such a shocking truth of the Great Dao and seeing such a miraculous scene was the blessing of three lifetimes. It was the best gift and opportunity for them.

“As expected of Li Yu. No wonder he could cultivate his mortal body to a physique comparable to a god. His intelligence and wisdom are really on par with a saint!”

“This child is indeed extraordinary. These four sentences are enough to spread through the world and educate everyone. It’s world-shattering!”

“Who could have imagined that Li Yu would actually be able to speak such magnificent, awe-inspiring wise words at such a young age!”

“This is unbelievable. Heroes indeed come from the young, Li Yu is truly a peerless genius to enter such a height!”

“Son of the Heavenly Dao. This child is definitely the son of the Heavenly Dao. He’s too extraordinary!”7

“My trip today was not in vain. I’m actually fortunate enough to hear the mantra of the Great Dao in person!”

At that moment, the way everyone looked at Li Yu had changed again.

Previously, they were filled with gratitude and admiration for Li Yu because of his capability and achievements.

Now, they worship him from the heart.

Li Yu could really be compared to a god ora saint in their eyes.

To deliver the Great Dao’s mantra that resonated with the Heavenly Dao was definitely a miracle.

‘While everyone was immersed in the shock of Li Yu’s mantra of the Great Dao, Perfected Yu Hua, who was originally standing on the high platform, suddenly sat cross-legged on the ground. The aura around him surged, and his aura rose ceaselessly.

It had even triggered the heaven and earth power to form a spiritual energy vortex.

The elders of the Jade Pure Dao Sect were immediately pleasantly surprised.

“Our Sect Master… has broken through!” Elder Taiwu exclaimed.

‘The moment he said it, the scene was in an uproar as everyone looked at Perfected Yu Hua in shock.

Indeed, the phenomena around Perfected Yu Hua seemed like he was about to break through.

 
Chapter 91: Rumors Stop at Fools


“This is Li Yu’s mantra. It gave Perfected Yu Hua a new understanding of the Great Dao!” Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

“That’s right. This is the true mantra of the Great Dao. Just hearing it can improve one’s mental state. Perfected Yu Hua took the commoners as his responsibility, and his heart was tied to the world. He had eliminated demons and defended justice, and these words of Li Yu’s are the Great Dao that Perfected Yu

Hua pursued.”

As everyone had guessed, Perfected Yu Hua had adhered to the orthodox path his entire life and cultivated for the sake of the world.

However, there was no accurate answer as to what the so-called orthodox path was and what it meant to cultivate for the commoners of the world.

He was filled with grand aspirations, but he did not know how to express them. The righteous path in his heart did not have a clear direction, and he did not know how to uphold it.

‘Therefore, Li Yu’s words touched him deeply.

He felt enlightened, allowing him to instantly find his direction and transform his Dao heart.

He had a deeper understanding of his own Dao and touched upon a higher meaning.

Combined with the thick influence of Dao fate, Perfected Yu Hua’s cultivation broke through directly.

He soared from the intermediate-stage Soul Formation to the peak of the Soul Formation Realm.

Whoosh!

A majestic aura erupted from Perfected Yu Hua’s body, and the power of heaven and earth gathered around him.

Seven-colored light surfaced around him like water ripples. It was almost blinding.

“This is… Profound Void Martial Stage!” The sect leaders of the various sects were shocked.

‘The strange phenomenon on the surface of Perfected Yu Hua’s body was very similar to the mythical Profound Void Martial Stage.

Did Li Yu’s mantra allow Perfected Yu Hua to break through to the Profound Void Martial Stage from the intermediate stage of the Soul Formation Stage?

“Oh heavens, this is too unbelievable. Such a leap across the cultivation realm should not be possible without cultivating for three to five hundred years!”

“That’s right. And breaking through from the Soul Formation Stage to the Profound Void Martial Stage is not that easy. I wonder how many people have stopped at the Soul Formation Stage their entire lives!”

“So this is the power of the Great Dao Mantra? Perfected Yu Hua just broke through the cultivation bottleneck of many years!”

After a moment, Perfected Yu Hua suddenly opened his eyes and restrained his aura. He instantly seemed younger by more than ten years, and his aura had undergone a tremendous change.

“Sect Master, have you entered the Profound Void Martial Stage?” Perfected Taiwu asked impatiently.

“Yes! Elder Li, thank you for helping me find my own Dao. Please accept my bow!” Perfected Yu Hua looked at Li Yu with immense gratitude and bowed deeply.

“He really broke through to the Profound Void Martial Stage!”

“How? How did Perfected Yu Hua do it!” The sect masters of the various sects were somewhat jealous.

Although they were touched when they heard Li Yu’s mantra and felt their minds empowered.

However, they did not directly comprehend the Great Dao and raise their cultivation as Perfected Yu Hua did.

Furthermore, Perfected Yu Hua had broken through to the Profound Void Martial Stage from the intermediate stage of the Soul Formation Stage in a short while.

If they did not see it with their own eyes, they would never believe that such a thing could happen.

Sigh. Comparison is so infuriating!

“The Jade Pure Dao Sect is going to become famous across the world this time!”

“That’s right. The Great Dao’s Mantra emerged during the Appointment Ceremony for the honorary elder. So the Jade Pure Dao Sect will surely become renowned and leave its glory in history.”

“Plus, Perfected Yu Hua’s rise to the Profound Void Martial Stage simply raised the Jade Pure Dao Sect’s strength by another level!”

“The fortune of the Jade Pure Dao Sect is peaking today.”

“Do you know what this means? As long as you’re related to Li Yu, you can obtain great fortune and karmic luck!”

“Eh, now that you mention it, it does seem like it!”

“The Heavenly Dao gave Li Yu an additional reward three times. This definitely tells you something.”

“Li Yu is definitely the son of the Heavenly Dao, the chosen one!”

After a long while, Li Yu’s voice that echoed through the world slowly dissipated.

At the same time, a thick golden beam of light descended from the Heavenly Dao Rankings and entered Li Yu’s body.

Li Yu instantly glowed like a blazing sun in the sky.

That figure looked even more extraordinary under the golden light. It was as if he was about to ascend to the Immortal class. It was breathtaking.

Bathed in the golden light, Li Yu felt extremely comfortable. At the same time, a will carried through divine sense sounded in his mind.

You spoke the true meaning of the Great Dao. Enlightened countless people. You left a good name for ages. Surpassed the ancient and amazed the contemporary. Attained eternal merit.

Therefore, you are rewarded with the Limitless Merit Golden Body. The heavens would bless you, and auspiciousness would follow you. Ghosts would be repelled, and evil would not invade your body.

Li Yu’s brows raised when he heard this voice.

Holy, this is another invincible BUFF!

After the appointment ceremony, the various sect leaders, family masters, and elders greeted Li Yu personally to express their respect.

By the side, Su Mu, Gu Yugi, and the other Qingyun Sect disciples had faces filled with pride.

At this moment, their admiration for Li Yu was stronger than anyone else, and it could even be described as ‘fervent.’

Li Yu was not just powerful. He also cared about the world. He eliminated demons and upheld the Dao, accomplishing heroic deeds.

Today’s events corroborated everything he had done in the past.

How could people not admire a person who possessed both virtue and talent and one with matchless strength?

“Li Yu is beyond belief. He’s usually casual and unrestrained. I didn’t expect him to have such a profound realm of thought. It’s truly admirable.”

Elder Nie’s voice sounded in Ji Qinglan’s ear. ‘Qinglan, this Li Yu has an extraordinary fate. He’s indeed the son of the Heavenly Dao. It’s a blessing to become fellow disciples with this child. Learn more from him in the future. It will naturally be beneficial to your comprehension of the Great Dao!”

Ji Qinglan nodded. His pride had long vanished into thin air in front of Li Yu.

The dissatisfaction in his heart had already transformed into worship.

Ifhe had previously thought that the difference between him and Li Yu was only in terms of cultivation, he now realized that Li Yu was an expert he could never catch up to.

Li Yu was a peerless genius like the sum, moon, and stars.

He was able to speak such sacred words that resonated with the Grand Dao. No one in the world could compare to such an unprecedented achievement!

His light was enough to illuminate the endless past and stun the present.

For heaven and earth, for the people, for the saints of the past to continue learning, for all ages to safeguard world peace!

From now on, this is my path.

Ji Qinglan thought to himself.

A few days later, the news of Li Yu speaking the truth of the Great Dao at the honorary elder appointment ceremony of the Jade Pure Dao Sect spread like wildfire throughout the Great Xia Dynasty and even to the surrounding countries.

Not only that but there was also a rumor circulating in the Great Zenith Domain. During the Prodigy Convention, the Holy Son of the Primordial Dao Holy Land, Chu Yunhe, had directly broken through into the Tribulation realm from the late stage of the Profound Void Martial Stage after hearing the Great

Dao’’s mantra.

Meanwhile, as the news was spread by more storytellers, It was constantly embellished, constantly subjectively transformed, and even demonized.

In the end, it evolved into various bizarre versions.

Ina restaurant in the Huaxia Continent’s Myriad Era Dynasty, a group of martial artists discussed the recent hot topic—the Great Dao Mantra.

“Theard that Chu Yunhe discussed the Dao with the geniuses of the various Holy Lands. In the end, he spoke the truth of the Dao!”

“What? Chu Yunhe said it?”

“Of course, apart from this publicly acknowledged number one genius, the Eldest Senior Brother of the Dao Sect, Chu Yunhe, who else could speak such wise words!?*

“That’s right, I’ve heard of it too. Plus, he directly attained enlightenment after saying it, and his cultivation broke through to the Mahayana Realm directly!”

“Hmph, where did you hear this rumor? I clearly heard that the Great Dao Mantra was said by an elder named Ming Yu of the Jade Pure Dao Sect!”

“Why do I hear that he’s a peerless genius of the Great Xia Dynasty? I think his name is Carp’! They say he’s the Great Dao’s son. He’s incredible!”

“What? I heard that a carp fish spoke in the human tongue and said the mantra!”

“Those are all rumors. I heard that he’s a holy child of the Immortal Domain. He came to teach the Dao in the lower realm and enlightened the commoners!”

“What a load of nonsense. It’s clearly a Heavenly Dao teaching to the world. What has it got to do with any holy child or carp fish?! There are really all kinds of people who actually think of taking the credit of the Heavenly Dao!”

Chapter 92: Attack on Old Man


On the Nine-tailed Mountain, the construction of the sect was already more than halfway completed. Numerous grand halls stood, and towering buildings seemed taller than the sky.

For example, the installations for cultivation techniques, alchemy, weapon refinement, the Dao comprehension, and other functional buildings had already been completed.

As the saying goes, clothes make the man. It was the same for this sect. It had a grand hall with carved railings and jade pavilions arched into the sky. The Qingyun Sect now resembled a large sect.

In addition, the Dao fate here was rich, and the spirit energy was abundant. It was as if everything was plated with a layer of immortal splendor that emitted a holy glimmer.

‘The Nine-tailed Mountain was not tall, but its scenery was beautiful. Various rare flowers and trees were everywhere on the mountain, and many precious birds and spirit beasts resided there. Faint immortal mist lingered at the peak, causing the sect to seem even more extraordinary.

‘The back mountain of Li Yu’s residence had already become the spirit herb garden.

Under Shan Ruoshui’s care, the herb garden was brimming with life as it was filled with various precious spirit herbs.

“Mandarin, you can’t eat that!”

Shan Ruoshui was busy in the herb garden. She rushed to the orange cat’s side angrily and picked it up. “You little kid, why are you getting more and more naughty by the day!”

Upon hearing Shan Ruoshui’s scolding, the orange cat shrunk its neck like a human. It stuck out its tongue and smiled fawningly.

Shan Ruoshui was now friends with a group of wild cats. Under the nurturing of the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree, not only had they developed intelligence, but their bodies had also undergone changes, and they had already become spiritual beings.

This particular orange cat followed Shan Ruoshui every day and ate and drank in the spirit herb garden.

He ate precious spirit herbs and drank Shan Ruoshui’s spiritual dew and spiritual spring nurtured by her Unitary Heavy Water.

With the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree present, the dew and spring water on the mountain contained rich spiritual energy and Dao fate.

After being nurtured with the Unitary Heavy Water, it contained rich contents and was highly beneficial.

It had a great effect on watering certain special and precious spirit herbs.

Hence, this orange cat was becoming smarter. It could even begin to cultivate and speak human language.

Shan Ruoshui taught the cats a cultivation technique as well. Of course, she got the cultivation technique from Li Yu.

Everything had a spirit. As long as it is guided to the right path, demons could also cultivate into the Great Dao and become immortals.

“Sister Ruoshui, let me have a bite of this violet sun root. I can tell you a super-shocking secret about Brother Li Yu!” The orange cat had a sly smile on its face.

“Isn’t it just the Ancient Dao Luck Tree that actually came out of his feces?” Shan Ruoshui was unamused.

“Huh? How, how did you know?”

“Sa Hua has already used this secret to exchange for the Ground Core Grass from me!”

“Huh? This stinky Sa Hua, how can he do this? Eh, wait, doesn’t Sa Hua not know how to speak with humans? Is this bad guy lying to me?”

Shan Ruoshui smiled and did not say a word as she placed the orange cat back on the ground.

“Sister Ruoshui, I was the one who told him this secret, so it counts as me who told you that. So, you should reward me with a Ground Core Grass too!” bargained the orange cat.

“Help me dig a hundred holes obediently. If ‘m happy, I might reward you with one!” Shan Ruoshui said with a smile.

Then, she picked up the spirit herb saplings she had cultivated from the water buckets.

“Hehe, Sister Ruoshui is the best. I’ll marry you once I obtain my human form through cultivation!” As the orange cat spoke, it used its furry claws to dig the hole with all its might. It created a hole in a few steps with great skill.

“Silly, you’re a female cat! Also, how do you know about marriage?”

“Theard it from those craftsmen. They said that when they earn enough money, they’ll go home and find a pretty wife and have a bunch of babies!”

Shan Ruoshui smiled as she buried a spirit herb seedling in the ground. “You’ll learn more from me and our Brother Li Yu!”

In the air hundreds of kilometers away from the Nine-tailed Mountain, Mo Wuhui walked in the air, each step covering dozens of kilometers.

“How did Li Yu cultivate his human body to a physique stronger than the Ancient God Body! What an unbelievable brat!”

When Mo Wuhui first arrived in the Great Xia Dynasty today, he was baffled to see Li Yu’s physique was human.

Later on, he found out that it was an actual human body.

Moreover, it was rumored that Li Yu had even spoken the mantra of the Great Dao half a month ago. Although he was unsure if it was true, there was no doubt that this kid was a freak.

“It’s a pity to kill such a monstrous genius. Why don’t I refine him into a Puppet Child!”

As Mo Wuhui thought about this, he took another step forward and saw a bolt from the blue sky striking down.

Mo Wuhui instantly reacted to dodge, but the lightning still struck him regardless.

With a bang, a circle of ripples appeared.

The terrifying energy tured into a shockwave that swept away the clouds in a radius of dozens of kilometers.

Mo Wuhuis figure was blasted far away before he could stabilize himself.

Magic power surged through his body as dark gray gas condensed into a giant skeleton phantom that enveloped his body.

What is going on?

Mo Wuhui frowned.

Iclearly dodged it earlier, so why am I still hit? 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The lightning was strange and powerful.

He would feel nothing if he got struck by ordinary lightning, but the power contained in that bolt of lightning was much stronger than regular tribulation lightning.

If it had been a cultivator below the Profound Void Martial Stage, the poor fellow would have disintegrated on the spot.

“There are no fluctuations of any array formation in the surroundings, nor do I sense any special domains or the energy of natural oddities!”

‘Mo Wuhui flew to the spot where he had just encountered the lightning. He did not sense any abnormalities, nor did he suffer more lightning attacks.

“Maybe I have killed too many, and the Heavenly Dao has sent down the divine punishment lightning!” Mo Wuhui guessed.

However, he kept feeling that something was amiss, that he had a bad feeling.

He could not be sure of it at the moment.

Since the lightning did not appear again, he did not hesitate anymore and continued his flight.

In next to no time, the Nine-tailed Mountain had already appeared in front of him. Mo Wuhui’s figure flashed and appeared at the foot of the mountain.

Then, he walked along the mountain path towards the Qingyun Sect’s mountain gate. He knew very well that there was no Protective Mountain Array there.

He was never a headstrong person, nor did he like to make a fuss.

Anything that could be resolved silently would definitely not cause any commotion.

He had once slaughtered a large sect overnight without alerting the birds on the trees.

Of course, those birds were killed by him in the end.

It was not until a few months later that the disciples who had returned from their missions discovered that there was no longer anyone alive in the sect.

“Uncle, what’s the matter?” A Qingyun Sect disciple patrolling at the mountain gate stopped Mo Wuhui and asked with a smile.

Mo Wuhui had a benevolent look and a friendly smile as if he was an old man from the nearby village. Hence, the disciples did not see anything suspicious about it.

Furthermore, many people have come to visit the sect recently. So they were already used to it.

Mo Wuhui smiled kindly, but no one noticed the cruel killing intent hidden in his eyes.

He could kill indiscernibly. He did not need to touch these disciples to silently claim their lives.

However, at this moment, Mo Wuhui’s expression switched as if he was petrified. At the same time, a bolt of lightning suddenly appeared in the sky above his head and struck his body silently…

This time, there were no energy ripples or sound.

If not for Mo Wuhui’s twitching body and muffled groans, one would even suspect that the lightning was an illusion.

Those few disciples retreated in fear and ran far away.

It was not that they did not have compassion, but they had heard about Gu Yugi’s incident.

They knew that this sudden bolt from the blue must not be touched.

Or else, the lightest punishment would be getting bald, and not a hair would grow. The worst would be death.

Chapter 93: The Son of the Heavenly Dao


Silent lightning bolts appeared in the sky like chains coiling around Mo Wuhui.

It locked him in place and bombarded his body continuously.

“Whoa, another guy struck by lightning! Eh? Another?”

After a long time, all the lightning disappeared instantly while Mo Wuhui collapsed on the ground with a bang.

Electric arcs were dancing all over his body. He was emitting steam, and his silver hair stood up.

Mo Wuhui looked at the sky with the expression of someone reconsidering his life. He was absolutely shocked.

He had been restrained by a mysterious power just now. He could not move at all, and even his magic power was suppressed.

His entire body was exposed to the lightning as if he was running around naked.

He had been electrocuted to something crispy on the outside but tender inside. If not for his Tribulation realm cultivation and the fact that he possessed the Everlasting Forbidden Body, he would have definitely died.

He had also fused with a saint bone in his body. He would probably be burnt to ashes by the terrifying power contained in the lightning.

‘The Everlasting Forbidden Body was an extremely unusual physique.

It could be considered an undying body. There was no magic power in this world that could completely destroy this body.

However, this was also a cursed body. He would never break through the Tribulation realm, much less ascend to become an immortal.

‘Those patrolling disciples crept over and took a closer look at Mo Wuhui.

“He’s still alive.”

“He’s not even dead yet. This old uncle is not simple!”

“But his injuries aren’t light. What should we do? Go and ask our Eldest Senior Brother. He’s experienced in such matters!”

“Eldest Senior Brother isn’t here. He just brought Senior Brother Ji and Senior Brother Su to town to catch ghosts last night. He’s not back yet!”

“What do we do? Master is still in seclusion. Why don’t we ask Senior Brother Gu? He must be more experienced than us at being struck by lightning!”

Gu Yuqi was already one of the sect master’s personal disciples, so these outer sect disciples had to address him respectfully as their senior brother. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

“alright, let’s bring this uncle up the mountain first and see if we can save him!” A few disciples carried Mo Wuhui as if they were carrying an explosive package, afraid that they would be implicated and struck by lightning.

Therefore, they practically ran all the way up the mountain. Once they arrived at the top, they could not wait to throw him onto the empty ground. One of the disciples ran to find Gu Yuqi.

Mo Wuhui felt depressed. He was the formidable old freak in the Tribulation realm with an undying body. When had he ever been in such a sorry state?

He was thrown there like a corpse.

However, as soon as he arrived at the mountaintop, Mo Wuhui sensed the dense Dao fate and a special aura that filled the air.

“This is… the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree!” Mo Wuhui instantly confirmed that this unique Dao fate aura belonged to the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree.

He was thrilled.

“The Qingyun Sect actually has the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree. No wonder a peerless prodigy like Li Yu could appear! And I do have an unexpected gain today! Wait for me to destroy…”

As he was thinking about it, another bolt of lightning appeared out of thin air.

Mo Wuhui enjoyed another round of electrocuting therapy.

His entire body jerked violently as his old face was electrocuted to the point his mouth and eyes were about to fall apart and become half paralyzed.

“Gasp… It’s a good thing we let go in time. Otherwise, we would have been implicated!”

“What has this old uncle done to deserve this!”

“This is too tragic!”

“This time, it’s hopeless!” The disciples who had just carried Mo Wuhui up the mountain could not help but gasp in fear.

This uncle simply has a lightning-absorbing physique. Getting hit twice in a short while is a miracle.

Mo Wuhui lay on the ground as if he had nothing left to live for.

However, he finally found the reason why he was struck by lightning.

As long as he thought of killing—no, to be precise, if he thinks of killing anyone from the Qingyun Sect, he would be struck by lightning.

Did the Qingyun Sect save the universe before?

Or is this sect founded by the son of the Heavenly Dao?

haven’t even done anything yet. Just the thought of it is enough to make me get struck by lightning.

Do you have to be so protective?

Mo Wuhui was severely depressed.

He had lived for tens of thousands of years, and this was the first time he experienced such a strange thing.

What else can I do? This is simply against the rules.

Even if he had an undying body, he could not defy the arrangements of the Heavenly Dao.

“Could it be because of that Great Dao mantra!” After Mo Wuhui thought carefully, he suddenly thought of a possibility.

‘When he was young, he had once heard of a legend.

A good man accumulates merit and does good.

‘The person who had the thought to harm him was struck by lightning and died.

On the other hand, when Li Yu spoke the truth of the Great Dao, it caused the Heavenly Dao to resonate with him. He was credited for educating the commoners. He might even have accumulated the highest merit.

It even benefited the people around him and the entire sect.

Therefore, anyone who schemed against Li Yu and his sect would be punished by the heavens.

Although it sounded unbelievable, it was the only explanation at the moment.

It can’t be that Li Yu is really the son of the Heavenly Dao, right?

‘Then he might just explode on the spot.

As he thought of this possibility, Mo Wuhui suddenly wanted to verify it. He had a wicked thought.

I knew it!

Bolts of lightning that were several times thicker than before struck down from above.

A total of five bolts of lightning struck him.

Gu Yuqi, who had just rushed over, felt a familiar pain when he saw this scene.

“It’s too tragic. I was struck three times in a row, and this time, I was struck by five at once!”

“Eh, do you think this uncle is transcending the tribulation? I remember one would encounter the baptism of the lightning tribulation once their cultivation reached the Tribulation realm?”

“No way. I heard that tribulations are all extremely cool. He looks a little miserable here!”

“Tsk tsk, the main problem is that he isn’t dead yet!”

Gu Yuqi looked at the uncle, who was constantly struck by lightning in surprise. Although the familiar pain made him frown, he felt relieved, for some reason, as if his mind had suddenly been balanced.

Compared to this old uncle, what he had encountered that day was simply child’s play.

‘The five silent bolts of lightning lasted for a long while before they disappeared again. This time, Mo Wuhui was electrocuted to the point the corners of his mouth were spitting white foam.

‘The wave just now was really ferocious. It was simply countless times more powerful than before.

Mo Wuhui almost died on the spot.

Indeed, I can’t be stubborn. I already guessed the truth, so why should I be the one doing the experiment?

Mo Wuhui really wanted to slap himself, but his hand was a little numb.

However, after the divine lightning therapy sessions, Mo Wuhui’s heart was finally clear from any killing intent.

The Qingyun Sect could not be messed with. Who could even afford to offend Li Yu!

He no longer had the intention to destroy the Qingyun Sect. His heart was almost as pure as a child’s, and the heavens and earth could prove it.

He only had one thought now, and it was to let the man who hired him have a taste of being struck by lightning multiple times. The more ferocious, the better.

However, Mo Wuhui did not know that that fellow had already socially died on the spot. He was in a worse state than him.

Chapter 94: Quite the Scene


It was the day of the new emperor’s coronation ceremony, the Heavenly Fate Celebration, their National Day.

After the founding emperor of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty, Lu Shang began the nation’s prosperity. He designated his birthday as the day of the Heavenly Fate Celebration and worship.

Later on, new emperors that came after would also choose this auspicious day for their coronation ceremony.

Lu Shang had also set a rule that every emperor would be in power for, at most, three thousand years before passing the throne to the next generation.

In addition, the emperor could pass the throne to the next generation at any time according to his wishes. He could retire and cultivate in peace, seeking the Dao and becoming an immortal.

‘Today was the day of the succession of Emperor Tianyun and the coronation of the new Emperor Hengyun.

‘The Heavenly Fate Emperor Tianyun admired Hengyun the most among all his descendants. Emperor Tianyun was in seclusion for many years. He had come to participate in the coronation today to personally crown this descendant of his.

‘The retiring Heavenly Fate Emperor was named Lu Tianyun. He was Lu Shang’s most beloved great-grandson, so Lu Shang gave the country’s name to this great-grandson.

Lu Tianyun did not disappoint. He became the most outstanding emperor of the Tianyun Dynasty and was now standing at the peak of the world, half-step into the Immortal class.

The celebration on this day was unprecedented because Emperor Tianyun had personally arrived to crown the new emperor.

Therefore, the various large sects, top families, and numerous hidden old monsters of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty, even the sovereigns of neighboring countries, had arrived to participate in this grand ceremony.

Some hoped to admire the elegant demeanor of Emperor Tianyun, while others hoped to bask in his Dao fate.

Of course, some people had come solely to support Emperor Tianyun. After all, he was fully deserving of his top-notch status. They had to give him face.

Emperor Tianyun was in high spirits today. Naturally, he was happy to see his country prosper and produce another peerless prodigy like Hengyun.

Of course, he was even happier that it wouldn’t be long before he could ascend into an immortal.

Once he took the Ancient God Body, he could easily break the shackles on his Essence Soul, the consequence of cultivating the Heaven-Seizing Fortune Sutra. He could directly break through to the Mahayana Realm and become an immortal.

When he entered the Immortal Domain, the power of the Ancient God bloodline could open up his immortal path.

Under the attention of everyone, the coronation ceremony officially began. Emperor Tianyun personally placed the royal crown on the new emperor’s head.

‘The moment was divine and solemn. Millions of people worshiped, and the bells rang in unison. Colorful and auspicious lights enveloped the world, and there were even images of green dragons swimming in the sky. This was a phenomenon created with magic artifacts, and it was sensational.

Everyone’s gaze was focused on Emperor Tianyun and the new Emperor Hengyun. They could not take their eyes off them as they held their breaths and focused.

All of a sudden, thunder rumbled in the clear sky, instantly shattering this solemn and sacred moment.

At the same time, an enormous dark cloud as black as ink condensed about ten feet above Emperor Tianyun’s head. Lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled inside as lightning bolts fell one after another, striking the top of Emperor Tianyun’s head.

It was like a Tesla coil releasing electricity.

“Huh!”

‘The sudden appearance of this strange phenomenon filled everyone with surprise while strange expressions appeared.

Such a phenomenon was inauspicious. Dark clouds looming and lightning striking from a clear sky was a major ominous sign.

Moreover, the dark clouds seemed stuck above Emperor Tianyun’s head, and he could not dodge it at all.

It specifically struck him!

What wicked stuff did he do to be punished by the heavens!

Someone thought.

At that moment, Emperor Tianyun was breaking down on the inside.

At such a glorious moment, such a strange and humiliating incident happened. It was simply too embarrassing.

‘What made it worse was that he could not dispel the dark clouds with his own power, nor could he dodge the lightning.

Although the lightning discharged by the dark clouds was harmless to him and did not deal much physical damage, it was extremely insulting. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

This was the joyous occasion of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty’s National Day, and it was also the holy moment for him to crown the new emperor.

Under the gazes of everyone, he was continuously chased by the ominous dark clouds and struck by its lightning. It was the same as being nailed to the pillar of humiliation in public and getting whipped repeatedly.

I still want my face!

This will make me the laughing stock of the world!

Even Emperor Tianyun could not calm down at this moment. The main reason was that the dark clouds were too strange.

I’m not a jinx, so why is there an ominous sign above my head? Did something happen, or is this a premonition?

“Is this the wrath of heaven?”

“Did Emperor Tianyun do something bad?”

“How much evil has he done for such a scene?”

“This isn’t a good sign. The instant the new emperor succeeded the throne, such an inauspicious thing happened. Is this a sign that the fortunes of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty are over, or that Emperor Hengyun is not fit to be the emperor?”

“This Heavenly Fate Celebration has become the Bad Luck Celebration. The world is about to change!”

Everyone was too stunned to speak, but they only thought about it. No one dared to voice it.

After all, the Heavenly Fate Emperor was no ordinary person. How would they dare to casually discuss him here?

Inside the Qingyun Sect, Mo Wuhui lay on the ground with his body smoking. The smell of roasted meat lingered in the air, causing a few disciples to gulp.

Before long, a group of Qingyun Sect disciples gathered around as if they were observing a rare animal.

Some daring guys even took out magic treasures that could record images to take pictures with him. Some even regretted not recording the shocking moment when he was struck by lightning.

Mo Wuhui really wanted to suck their vitality dry and

Then, there was another round of electroshock therapy.

“Damn, he’s hit again! This is shocking!”

“Spectacular scenes. I’ve successfully recorded it down!”

“This old uncle is too tough! He’s still alive!”

“Hey! Look! He’s crying. How pitiful!”

“I can’t bear to watch this any longer. Senior Brother, why don’t we give him a quick death? Otherwise, being struck repeatedly will be worse than death!”

“You’re very right! Look at his expression. It’s worse than a dead person. I think he must really want to die now!”

Mo Wuhui slowly closed his eyes and shut off his five senses. Otherwise, he was afraid that he would not be able to control himself.

There was no thought, no evil, no joy, no sorrow, no love, nothing.

After adjusting on the spot for a long time, Mo Wuhui felt that his mind had become clear again, and his bodily functions had more or less recovered.

He opened his eyes again and looked at the sympathetic Gu Yuqi.

After that, he waved his hand, grabbed Gu Yugi, and sped off. He was so quick that he practically disappeared from the eyes of all the disciples.

Before everyone could react, Mo Wuhui had already rushed out of the Qingyun Sect’s mountain gate before escaping into the distance with Gu Yugi in his hand.

However, after running for more than five kilometers, Mo Wuhui was struck by another instant lightning bolt. At the same time, a meteorite fell from the sky and crashed down.

Crash!

Abig hole dozens of meters wide appeared in the ground. The terrifying shock wave snapped the surrounding trees while dust and air rushed into the sky, surging into the distance.

“What the… A meteorite?”

Li Yu, who was flying over on his flood dragon, happened to witness the meteorite falling from the sky and smashing into the mountain range in the distance.

“A stone from beyond the heavens must be something special!” At Li Yu’s side, Ji Qinglan had a look of surprise too.
Chapter 95: This is the Sword God


Li Yu rode the purple lightning flood dragon to the top of the meteorite crater and peeked inside curiously.

At the moment, the meteorite had already shattered into countless pieces. Its surface was scarlet red, while the insides were charred black.

Meanwhile, two people were lying in the middle of the countless meteorite fragments.

“Gu Yuqi?” Li Yu’s pupils constricted, and he was surprised.

Why is Gu Yugi here? Who is the old man beside him?

But as usual, this guy’s luck is really superb!

First, he got struck by lightning, and now, he got hit by a meteorite.

Is there another natural oddity this time?

‘As Li Yu thought about that, the mission panel for the collection of natural oddities suddenly popped up, showing the discovery of the Sun Eternal Gold.

“Holy shit, there really is a natural oddity. Just wow!” Li Yu was really stunned.

Gu Yugi’s luck was invincible indeed, though it could not be expressed in a few words.

Li Yu quickly rode his flood dragon to the crater and let Su Mu and Ji Qinglan check on Gu Yuqi’s injuries.

He followed the system’s directions and found a piece of metal among the meteorite.

‘Mm, these rocks are hot, but they can’t hurt Yuqi.

“It’s this old fellow!” Elder Nie’s voice sounded in Ji Qinglan’s ear with slight surprise.

Elder Nie recognized Mo Wuhui. This fellow was a cultivator in the same generation as him, but he was not a righteous person. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The two of them had fought before. Mo Wuhui’s fearsome Everlasting Forbidden Body had once given him a headache.

However, he would forever be stuck in the Tribulation realm due to his physique. It could not enter the Mahayana realm, but it could not be killed.

“Qinglan, get away from this old man!” Elder Nie exclaimed.

Ji Qinglan immediately jumped out of the crater with Su Mu and Gu Yugi.

“Elder Nie, who is that old man?” Ji Qinglan understood the meaning in Elder Nie’s words. This person was definitely not ordinary and might not even be a good person.

Elder Nie told Ji Qinglan about Mo Wuhui’s identity.

Ji Qinglan’s expression changed, and he hurriedly shouted, “Senior Brother, come out quickly! That old man is from the demonic path!”

Hearing Ji Qinglan’s words, Li Yu’s furrowed his brows!

Demonic path?

Li Yu instantly understood that the old man was here for the Ancient God Body.

Gu Yuqi had recovered. He looked at the meteorite crater and the old man in front of him with an ugly expression. Fear lingered in his heart.

“Junior Brother, what happened?” Li Yu came to Gu Yugj’s side and asked him.

Gu Yuqi roughly told him the incident.

“They’re really coming for you!” Li Yu drew his sword.

“Senior Brother, Elder Nie told me that his name is Mo Wuhui, He’s an expert from his generation and probably has already lived for tens of thousands of years. With the Everlasting Forbidden Body, he’s undying and indestructible. He’s impossible to kill. Plus, his cultivation is at least at the peak of the

Tribulation Realm. Can you… defeat him?” Ji Qinglan asked nervously.

He knew that Li Yu was powerful enough to kill a Profound Void Martial Stage cultivator.

Yet he did not know the extent of Li Yu’s power. Could he defeat this old monster who had lived for tens of thousands of years and had at least the strength peak Tribulation realm? Mo Wuhui might have many trump cards as well as an indestructible body.

“Undying and indestructible? Then I’ll make sure he’s destroyed today!” Li Yu remarked coldly before walking towards Mo Wuhui.

At this moment, Mo Wuhui had already recovered. He almost shut off mentally.

Not to mention getting struck by lightning, now even a meteorite was arranged for me.

Even if Li Yu is really the son of the heavens, you don’t have to be so protective of him. It’s too much!

‘When Mo Wuhui saw Li Yu, he finally understood why he was struck by lightning.

It was as he had guessed.

This boy did have a rich auspicious aura on him. He’s clearly a guy blessed with merit.

Whoever provoked them would become unlucky!

“You are Li Yu?” Mo Wuhui looked at Li Yu and revealed a benevolent smile.

“Yep!” Li Yu’s voice was powerful and resonating.

“Earewell!” Mo Wuhui cupped his hands and immediately turned to run.

What else could he do? He had already endured enough lightning strikes today. Even a meteorite had fallen. If he continued to play with Li Yu, the Heavenly Dao would probably erase him.

Since I can’t win this fight, I better run!

“Since you’re here, why would you leave!” Li Yu raised his sword and slashed it through the sky.

Swoosh!

Mo Wuhui’s body was sliced in half as fresh blood stained the air.

“Holy shit!” Ji Qinglan’s eyes widened. He had blurted out the exclamation heavily influenced by Li Yu.

Although he did not know if Mo Wuhui was dead or not, he was the super expert at the peak Tribulation Realm that Elder Nie mentioned. He was someone that gave even Elder Nie a headache back in the day.

At the moment, he seemed as fragile as a carrot, sliced in half by Li Yu’s casual strike.

Ji Qinglan had heard that Li Yu had once killed the demon child with a single strike and Crimson Dragon King with a single strike, but he had never seen it with his own eyes.

Today, he could finally marvel at it.

That’s the Tribulation realm! Just how powerful is Li Yu?

‘The person who was more shocked at the moment was not Ji Qinglan but Elder Nie, the sword immortal.

“This, this slash, how did he do it!”

This was the first time Elder Nie had seen Li Yu attack.

This strike did not have any magic power fluctuations or traces of a spell. It was just an ordinary strike.

‘The Mo Wuhui who used to give him a huge headache in the past was sliced into two just like that.

Is this the highest realm to see mountains as mountains, then mountains are not mountains, and then again mountains were mountains‘?

The pinnacle of the Sword Dao transformed the complex into the simple, and it returned to its purest state.

What seemed like an ordinary strike was the pinnacle of the Sword Dao.

It could cleave through the world and all techniques.

I, Nie Yongan, have cultivated the Sword Dao my entire life. I used the sword to seek the Dao and ascended to the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm. I self-proclaimed to be a sword immortal and pursued the highest attainments in the Sword Dao.

Although I died regretfully midway, I once believed that my talent in the Sword Dao was unmatched.

However, compared to Li Yu today, my attainments in the Sword Dao are simply superficial.

He is the real sword immortal, no, the sword god!

Only a sword god could have such pinnacle attainments in the Sword Dao!

Elder Nie was awestruck, but he was also glad.

It was a great opportunity given to him by the heavens, as he was lucky enough to encounter a sword god expert after his remnant soul’s return.

If he could obtain Li Yu’s guidance in the future, he might improve his comprehension of the Sword Dao.

Once he could reconstruct his body, he might have the chance to attain a higher Sword Dao realm.

At this moment, Mo Wuhui was utterly shocked. This kid isn’t human at all!

‘The power of that slash was even more terrifying than the heavenly might.

He had lived for tens of thousands of years, killed countless people, and been attacked by many people.

However, no one could give him such a terrifying feeling.

Even a peak Mahayana Realm expert was not as terrifying as Li Yu. This kid was not human at all!

Mo Wuhui’s Everlasting Forbidden Body might not be the most powerful physique in the world.

However, after tens of thousands of years of cultivation, his physical body became so tough that even an immortal artifact could not harm him at all. Moreover, he had fused with a saint bone.

Even a Mahayana Realm expert should find it difficult to split him into two with a single strike.

Run!

If he had fled earlier because he was afraid of the Heavenly Dao, then now it was because he was frightened of Li Yu.

Li Yu was much more terrifying than the Heavenly Dao.

Thick gray gas gushed out of his body, carrying the two halves of his body as he fled into the distance.

However, Li Yu slashed again. With this strike, space was directly divided into two.

The two parts of Mo Wuhui’s body exploded into powder.

Finally, it was devoured by the cracked spatial rift!

Serious strike, Space Burial!

 
Chapter 96: The Heavenly Fate Emperor’s Shut-In


The undying body was really destroyed!

Ji Qinglan looked at the collapsed space that slowly returned to normal with his mouth agape. Suddenly, he felt light-headed.

Li Yu must be invincible in the world!

A single sword strike from him could shatter the heavens and the earth and overwhelm all techniques. Li Yu is definitely a sword god.

Elder Nie was so excited that his remnant soul was trembling, causing his Reverse Scale Immortal Sword to emit sword hums.

This was the strongest Sword Dao he pursued. This was the true might of the Sword God.

I want him to be my master!

“Junior Brother, are you alright?” After killing Mo Wuhui, Li Yu asked Gu Yugi.

The force of the meteorite earlier was not small. Gu Yugi would probably be bedridden for a long while again if Mo Wuhui hadn’t taken most of the damage.

This fellow’s luck was indescribably wonderful!

After Gu Yuqi was struck by lightning, the natural oddity True Essence Divine Thunder appeared. After he was struck by a meteorite, the natural oddity Sun Immortal Gold appeared.

Hmm, this guy should be the legendary benefit-from-a-disaster type!

Gu Yuqi only returned to his senses after hearing Li Yu’s concern.

He did not expect Li Yu to be so ridiculously powerful that he could shatter the void with a single strike. It was no wonder that he was not afraid of the Heavenly Fate Emperor.

With such strength, even if the Heavenly Fate Emperor came, he would probably get beheaded.

This way, Gu Yuqi felt more at ease. The Qingyun Sect was safer than those Holy Lands.

But.

“Senior Brother, I’m not the jinx, am I? I got hit by lightning previously, and this time, I got smashed by a meteorite. Fortunately, I was abducted by that old man. Otherwise, I’m afraid I would have implicated the sect!” Gu Yuqi suddenly felt a little down.

If the first lightning strike was a coincidence, there had to be a reason why he was hit by a meteorite this time.

‘There was probably no other person in the world as unlucky as him.

“Junior brother, don’t be so pessimistic. You are destined to be an extraordinary person. These setbacks are only a test from the heavens.

“There is a saying. When Heaven is about to confer a great responsibility on man, it will first fill his heart with suffering, toil his sinews and bones, expose his body to hunger, subject him to extreme poverty, and confound his journey with setbacks and troubles. So as to stimulate his alertness, toughen

his nature, eventually bridging his incompetence gap, and prepare him for the duty”.”

Boom!

As soon as Li Yu finished speaking, the heavens and the earth shook.

‘The Heavenly Dao Rankings flourished with golden light again. Countless light rays shone down as dense Dao fate gathered from all directions. Auspicious clouds condensed in the sky.

The familiar scene made Ji Qinglan, Gu Yugi, and Su Mu widen their eyes.

A true mantra of the Great Dao! Senior brother has actually said another mantra of the Great Dao!

Indeed, Li Yu’s words appeared on the Heavenly Dao Rankings, and Li Yu’s voice reverberated through the world again.

“When Heaven is about to confer a great responsibility on man…”

Li Yu looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings and nodded to himself.

I knew it. Those wise words from those sages in my previous life can really become the Great Dao mantras in this world.

Actually, Li Yu did not want to pretend to be a saint in front of his junior brothers. He did not like to be a copier who used poems from his previous life to pretend to be a scholar and a big shot in this world.

He heard from Gu Yuqi that Mo Wuhui had been struck by lightning and that Mo Wuhui had been brought into the sect. Yet, he did not harm anyone and only carried Gu Yuqi away.

Judging from that, he guessed it was probably the effect of his Limitless Merit Golden Body. He was immune to all evil.

If he had not obtained this Limitless Merit Golden Body and benefited everyone in the sect, his sect would probably be in danger.

Therefore, Li Yu felt that he needed to farm more merit points for the sect’s safety.

In the future, if anyone schemed against his sect, he would directly subdue them to death with mere merit.

‘The Heavenly Fate Dynasty’s coronation ceremony was forced to halt because of the strange dark clouds and lightning persisting above Emperor Tianyun.

Out of consideration for the country’s future fortunes, Emperor Tianyun decided to postpone the coronation.

However, just as the Heavenly Fate Emperor was about to leave the scene of the grand ceremony.

The Heavenly Dao Rankings suddenly flourished with dazzling golden glows as a voice reverberated through the heavens and earth.

“When Heaven is about to confer a great responsibility on man…”

“This is… the mantra of the Great Dao!”

“Another Great Dao mantra!”

Everyone looked at the golden words condensed on the Heavenly Dao Rankings in midair in surprise while a voice reverberated through the world.

The voice was the same as the last time.

However, almost as soon as this voice sounded, the dark clouds above Emperor Tianyun’s head more than doubled in size. The lightning bolts got even more ferocious as they bombarded his head.

Even though he used his magic power to protect his body, he found it difficult to withstand it.

Emperor Tianyun was depressed. Looking at the strange gazes of the surrounding people, he wanted nothing more than to find a hole in the ground to crawl into, so he immediately flew off.

After returning to the manor, he entered seclusion and shut himself inside.

At this point, the highly anticipated Heavenly Fate Celebration and coronation ceremony officially fell apart.

Qingyun Sect.

“Be my disciple? No, no, no, please stop joking. I don’t accept disciples!” When he heard that Elder Nie wanted to become his disciple, Li Yu was surprised and hurriedly waved his hand to refuse.

Take in a disciple? Are you serious!

An old antique from tens of thousands of years ago becoming my disciple? I don’t like archaeology.

I’m not gonna become his master.

More importantly, he had nothing to teach Elder Nie.

“Cultivator Li, it’s fine even if you don’t accept me. In that case, can you give me some guidance on my Sword Dao? I will definitely be grateful and do anything to repay your kindness!” Elder Nie pleaded earnestly.

The remnant soul phantom had already knelt on the ground and kowtowed.

Ji Qinglan was surprised by this scene.

He did not expect that the mighty Elder Nie, a former sword immortal, would actually bow to Li Yu.

It was apparent that Li Yu had blown Elder Nie’s mind. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Well. For the sake of seeking the Great Dao, Elder Nie is humble enough to put down all his past glories to seek knowledge from Li Yu. He’s really worth learning from.

Ji Qinglan thought to himself.

Li Yu felt his head aching. Elder Nie was clearly serious.

If he could not make Elder Nie give up on the idea today, he would probably keep pestering him in the future.

How about… I help this remnant soul find peace and leave… with one slash?

Li Yu pondered for a moment and thought of an excuse.

Finally, he sighed and responded, “Elder Nie, it’s not that I don’t wish to teach you, nor do I want to discourage you. But to be honest, my Sword Dao is innately formed. I don’t need to cultivate it as the power of my sword is already very powerful.

“I don’t know why too. Perhaps it’s talent. Talent can’t be taught after all!”

Elder Nie was stunned by Li Yu’s words and looked at him in surprise.

Li Yu seemed sincere and seemed to be telling the truth.

Since he was born that way, he did not need to cultivate. He was born with such power.

Is this really talent?

He’s born a Sword God, born extraordinary!

Elder Nie remained kneeling on the ground, unable to calm down for a long time.

“Elder Nie. You may return.” Li Yu waved his hand.

Elder Nie was dazed as he nodded in disappointment. He did not say anything else and transformed into a wisp of light that flew back into the Reverse Scale Sword.

“Senior Brother, sorry for disturbing you!” Ji Qinglan cupped his hands and left.

Chapter 97: Lingtian Mystic Realm


Time slipped by, and another month and a half passed in the blink of an eye. The Lingtian Mystic Realm was about to open.

The elders of the Clear Void Holy Land headed to the various countries of the north region to select suitable candidates to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

“Our Zhu family has three spots this time! Your fifth uncle and sixth uncle will bring you there!”

In the Prime Minister’s estate, Zhu Hongyuan placed the three tokens on the desk and announced in a low voice.

“Yes, father!” Zhu Xiaotian cupped his hands. His gaze was firm and burning.

‘The Lingtian Mystic Realm he had long awaited for was close to opening. He finally had the chance to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm in this life.

Zhu Xiaotian had been in seclusion and focused on cultivation during this period. His cultivation had already stabilized at the Golden Core Realm, and his strength had improved significantly.

Ever since the Divine Weapon Rankings was announced, he had suffered a huge blow. He reflected deeply on himself.

He realized that he had put too much thought into his calculations. He had also focused too much on the Heavenly Dao Rankings and the rewards.

In the end, it was all for naught for Zhu Xiaotian. Instead, he got overtaken consecutively, and his ranking fell further and further.

Therefore, after reflecting on his pain, he felt he should place his focus on cultivation and secretly make the best preparations for the opening of the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

In his previous life, due to the civil war in the Great Xia Dynasty, the resources and financial resources controlled by the family were basically spent on the war.

As a result, he could not obtain a spot from the Clear Void Holy Land, and he missed the chance to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm and encounter opportunities.

The method to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm had always been in the hands of the few Holy Lands.

In the beginning, only a selected few from those Holy Lands had the qualifications to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

If not for the recent thousand years when the human race had declined while demons became rampant, the Holy Lands would probably remain firmly in control of the Lingtian Mystic Realm. It would not be open to the cultivators of the Northern Domain.

His Zhu family was powerful and wealthy, successfully acquiring three spots from the Clear Void Holy Land’s elder in this life.

The vacancies available for the countries of the northern region to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm were controlled by the Clear Void Holy Land.

Every time before the Lingtian Mystic Realm opened, the Clear Void Holy Land would send various elders to each country to select suitable candidates.

There was only a rough framework for how the selection would be conducted. The candidates must not be older than two hundred years, and their cultivation must not be lower than the Golden Core or Aureate Body realm.

Under this framework, whoever could obtain these spots would depend on the subjective opinion of the elder in charge of the selection.

Sects like the Jade Pure Dao Sect and the Great Sky Dao Sect, part of the Huaxia Continent’s sect alliance, had fixed allocated spots.

The remaining spots would have to be ‘bought.

Although the Clear Void Holy Land did not state the price clearly and sell openly, the various large family clans and factions knew what to do.

The Clear Void Holy Land also turned a blind eye to such prevalence.

After all, the wealth obtained from the ‘tickets’ was a part of the Clear Void Holy Lane’s financial income, so why not?

The world was unfair, to begin with. Strength and background meant more opportunities.

Furthermore, the Lingtian Mystic Realm was extremely dangerous. If an ordinary person’s cultivation was too low and did not have any background. Even if he were to enter, he would be seeking death.

As for cultivators from ordinary families, if they did not enter the various large sects, they were likely people with ordinary potential.

Therefore, the fact that a family clan could spend money to buy a spot meant that they had sufficient capability.

The disciples and experts nurtured by those powerful families had a higher chance of survival in the mystic realm. They had a greater chance of snatching the opportunities they deserved.

At the same time, within the Qingyun Sect, Li Yu arrived in Li Qingyun’s room and asked about the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

This moming, he discovered that the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s mission related to Ye Qiu was about to begin.

The mission details instructed him to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

“Now that you mention it, I remember something. Judging from the time, the Lingtian Mystic Realm is about to open!” replied Li Qingyun.

The Lingtian Mystic Realm opened every 50 years. This year was the year it opened again.

“Dad, how can I obtain the spot to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm?” Li Yu asked.

“Use your fist!” laughed Li Qingyun.

Li Yu was slightly surprised, while Li Qingyun gave him a simple explanation.

“Mm, it’s the same old practice no matter which place I’m in!” Li Yu did not find it strange at all.

However, according to his father, it actually made obtaining the spot simpler.

Right then, Elder Taiwu’s voice sounded from the sky. “Sect Master Li, Elder Li, Taiwu of the Jade Pure Dao Sect requests an audience!”

“Perfected Taiwu is here? Maybe it’s for the Lingtian Mystic Realm?” Li Yu guessed and immediately flew out of the hall with Li Qingyun.

Li Qingyum opened the array formation passageway and invited Perfected Taiwu to the main hall of the sect.

As Li Yu had guessed, Perfected Taiwu was undoubtedly here because of the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

“Elder Li, the Lingtian Mystic Realm is about to open. This is the token to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm. The sect master has saved a spot for you!” Perfected Taiwu handed a token to Li Yu.

“Please thank the Sect Master for me!” Li Yu cupped his hands and took the token without hesitation.

“Perfected Taiwu, which elder from the Clear Void Holy Land is in charge of the Great Xia Dynasty’s quota this time?” Li Qingyun asked.

“Elder Kefa!” replied Perfected Taiwu.

“I’s him. Do you know where he is now?” Li Qingyun asked.

“He’s in our Jade Pure Dao Sect!”

“Alright, Perfected Taiwu, can you bring me to see Elder Kefa? I would like to fight for a few spots for my Qingyun Sect too!” Li Qingyun smiled.

“You can, but… Sect Master Li, to be honest, my Sect Master has already asked for spots for your Qingyun Sect.

“However, you should know that Elder Kefa’s attitude is very harsh. He must still be brooding over the matter back then. The spot this time was reluctantly given to Elder Li because he was the person who spoke the truth of the Great Dao, so…”

“Iknow. Perfected Taiwu, please lead the way. I’ll deal with the rest myself!” Li Qingyun assured.

“Well, alright!” Perfected Taiwu could not refuse.

He brought Li Qingyun and Li Yu to the Jade Pure Dao Sect and saw Elder Kefa drinking tea and chatting with Perfected Yu Hua.

Seeing Li Qingyum arrive, Elder Kefa’s face darkened, but he did not say anything.

His gaze shifted from Li Qingyum to Li Yu, and his eyes couldn’t help but light up as he sized him up.

As expected of the person who spoke the mantras. Li Yu does look extraordinary and dazzling, just like his father in the past.

He had heard various rumors regarding the Great Dao mantra.

He did not expect to hear the shocking truth from Perfected Yu Hua.

At the same time, he felt bitter and complicated.

There was only one reason—Li Qingyun.

If Li Yu was not Li Qingyun’s son, he would definitely favor Li Yu like how he would pamper his grandson.

After all, this was someone who had spoken the mantras of the Great Dao.

Li Yu was a saint in the hearts of many cultivators.

Their Holy Lord had already engraved those wise words on the Holy Land’s ancient monument as the sacred teachings of the Holy Land for all disciples to adhere to. At the same time, it would teach the later generations.

However, life can be a drama. The words of the saint in their hearts were actually spoken by the son of their enemy.

He could only comment that destiny makes fools of people.

 
Chapter 98: Are You and Your Son Bandits??


“Long time no see, Elder Kefa!” Li Qingyun cupped his hands and greeted him with a faint smile.

Elder Kefa looked at Li Qingyun coldly. “If you’re here for the allocations for the Lingtian Mystic Realm, then we have nothing to talk about. I won’t give anyone else a spot in your sect other than Li Yu!”

“Are you deliberately targeting me?” Li Qingyun sneered.

“So what? Giving your sect a spot is already the greatest kindness our Clear Void Holy Land can offer. If not for Li Yu’s meritorious service to the world, your sect might not even be allocated a spot!” Elder Kefa snapped impolitely.

He was no longer fearful of Li Qingyun.

At present, his cultivation had already reached the intermediate stage of the Profound Void Martial Stage, and he had a puppet divine general with the strength of the Tribulation realm standing behind him.

This puppet divine general was the powerful treasure he had obtained from the Lingtian Mystic Realm. It was a magic treasure he cherished and took pride in.

He named it Fake, reversing the two words in his Dao name, ‘Kefa.

“Humph, since you’re so tactless, don’t blame me for being merciless!” Li Qingyun’s expression turned cold as a powerful aura spread.

Li Qingyum’s current level had already recovered to around 90% of his peak state. His cultivation had also recovered to the initial stage of the Profound Void Martial Stage.

Coupled with the capacity of the three powerful bloodlines, the two saint bones in his body, and the various immortal spells and divine powers he possessed. He could defeat anyone below the Tribulation realm.

He was not afraid even when facing the puppet divine general, not to mention that Li Yu was beside him.

Swoosh!

Sensing the killing intent emitted by Li Qingyun, the puppet divine general, Fake, seemed to have teleported as it instantly blocked in front of Elder Kefa.

Its pupils turned ferocious and cold while his aura surged.

“Li Qingyun, I advise you not to invite ridicule. Wherever you came from, that’s where you should go. Even if I face your old self, this old man…”

Crack!

Before Elder Kefa could finish his sentence, the puppet divine general in front of him, Fake, was split into two by a sharp blade from head to toe.

‘The owner of that sword was Li Yu.

The second half of Elder Kefa’s sentence was stuck in his throat.

The shock was written all over Elder Kefa’s face as he looked at the puppet divine general that had been sliced in half with trembling eyes.

As if his heart had been sliced into half, he shouted in pain, “My Fake!”

“Elder, speak properly and don’t curse!” ridiculed Li Yu as he put away his sword.

My Fa Ke? How about Fa Ke you!

“Hey, kid, can you stop stealing my limelight all the time!” Li Qingyun pretended to be angry, but his eyes seemed to say he had done an excellent job.

“My bad, Dad, I can’t help it. Who knew that this thing would be so fragile!”

Li Yu’s comments infuriated Elder Kefa, but he did not dare to flare up.

My Tribulation Stage Puppet Divine General got split into two with one slash. Li Yu’s strength is simply freakish.

No wonder Gu Yugi could only be ranked behind him. No wonder Perfected Yu Hua mentioned that his capability was unfathomable.

That strike just stunned my mother and me for ten thousand years.

Even Perfected Yu Hua and Perfected Taiwu refreshed their understanding of Li Yu again. Where was the limit of this kid’s ability?

“Elder Kefa, let’s cut the crap. I only want to ask if you want me to bring your head to Perfected Taiging to ask for the spots, or are you sensible enough to allocate our Qingyun Sect ten spots? I’ll pretend that this never happened today!” Li Qingyun looked at Elder Kefa again and asked coldly.

Li Qingyum had more confidence now.

With his invincible son backing him, what was there to be afraid of in this world?

He did not find it embarrassing to rely on his son for support.

Every dog has its day. Uh, ahem… I meant that people respect the son due to his father’s reputation in the first thirty years, and people respect the father due to his son’s capability in the next thirty years.

Now that my son has swept through the current generation alone, I didn’t live in vain as a father.

Whoever had the bigger fist was in the right. Rules were set by those in power, and there was no fairness to speak of.

Elder Kefa was so angry that his lungs were about to explode. You killed my puppet divine general, and you still have the cheek to say that today’s incident never happened?

How easy for you to even ask for ten spots. Even the Jade Pure Dao Sect only has one token allocated.

Are you and your son bandits?

Looking at Li Yu and Li Qingyun, Elder Kefa cursed in his heart. Only at the end, he barked, “You, you want to become enemies with our Clear Void Holy Land?”

“We were archenemies, to begin with. Don’t you remember that I killed many of your elders back then? It doesn’t matter if you’ll add to the tally. If Perfected Taiqing wants to take revenge on me, it’ll save me the trouble of knocking on his door myself!”

Li Qingyun flipped his right hand as he spoke, and the Dragon Slaying Sword appeared in his hand. It immediately let out a sword hum that sounded like a dragon’s roar.

Elder Kefa’s heart palpitated.

This Dragon Slaying Sword was once like a thom in his back. It had made him uneasy for many years, and it had already become a conditioned reflex.

After some time, the satisfied Li Qingyun and Li Yu left the Jade Pure Dao Sect with ten tokens.

The Lingtian Mystic Realm would open in ten days. On that occasion, nearly ten thousand people in the entire Huaxia continent would gather at the Clear Void Holy Land.

They would enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm through the teleportation array in the Clear Void Holy Land.

At the same time, others in the Great Zenith Domain would enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm through the teleportation arrays controlled by the various Holy Lands.

In the past thousand years, every time the Lingtian Mystic Realm opened, more than 100,000 cultivators would enter to explore a world where opportunities and danger coexisted.

On their way back home, Li Qingyun illustrated the Lingtian Mystic Realm to Li Yu, even though he did not know much about this mysterious world.

There were many signs to prove it was an abandoned world, and it was said to be a dilapidated ancient Immortal Realm. However, no one really understood this place since its discovery over a hundred years ago.

And no one could figure out how big this world was or what it was like.

It was like a kaleidoscope world that was different every time one entered.

Although an area was fixed, many places would become completely different, like a new world.

Furthermore, there were many independent spaces in this Lingtian Mystic Realm coexisting. Some were small worlds.

“Not just that, it’s said that the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm that the demon race and the fiend sects control should be a part of the Ancient Immortal Realm. For some reason, the two worlds are separated in different spaces.

“No one knows if the two worlds will fuse together again one day,” Li Qingyun described.

Li Yu listened with relish. He was interested in such a mysterious world. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

“Oh, by the way. There is a Dao Seeking Tower in the Heavenly Pivot Domain, meaning the fixed area. It’s a suitable place to bring disciples to gain experience.

The Dao Seeking Tower had nine floors, and every level had a small world. There were phantom beasts and the projection of the person who had previously challenged this floor.

After entering, challengers would have to defeat all their enemies on the floor to simulate an actual life and death battling experience. If they were defeated inside, they would not actually die.

It was an excellent place for fighting training. Through battles that pushed challengers to the extreme, they might surpass themselves and better comprehend the Great Dao. It was helpful to improve one’s cultivation and strength.

Furthermore, as long as one completed the first floor’s challenge, he would obtain the corresponding rewards according to his completion level. It was somewhat similar to the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

“Back then, I could only reach the seventh level and obtain a drop of blood essence from a Roc, a divine beast.”

“Dao Seeking Tower? Not bad, not bad!” Li Yu rubbed his chin. It would be great if he could get this building to the Qingyun Sect to train his disciples.

In the Gao Li Kingdom, a secret manor in the northern region of the Huaxia Continent. A man sat ina kiosk with a lazy expression, leisurely watching a few charming women singing and dancing in front of him.

Beside him sat a ferocious monster that had the form of a tiger with wings on its back and four horns on its head.

“Sect Master, this is the token that me, Daohe, and Ziging, have prepared for you. There’s a total of 100 pieces!” An elder with white hair and a child’s look, wearing a woven rush raincoat, stood behind the man and reported respectfully.

If Elder Kefa was here, he would definitely recognize that this old man was Elder Wu Ming from their Clear Void Holy Land. He was also in charge of selecting candidates for the Gao Li Dynasty to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

‘The man waved his hand, and those hundred tokens flew into his hand and disappeared.

“Mm, you may leave!” The man waved his hand casually without looking back.

The elder bowed again, then put on a specially designed mask and left respectfully.

After Li Yu and Li Qingyun returned to the Qingyun Sect, they called for Wu Chang, Tang Chi, Ye Qiu, Gu Yugi, Ji Qinglan, Su Mu, Ji Wanjie, Lu Yuming, Chen Xiaogi, Tang Ling’er, and Meng Xuegi.

Li Yu and Li Qingyun had decided on the disciples who would enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm this time.

Including the token given by the Jade Pure Dao Sect, the Qingyun Sect had a grand total of eleven pieces.

Li Yu could bring those ten geniuses into the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

‘Wu Chang could directly fuse with one of them and enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm together.

According to Li Qingyun, Wu Chang might find better profound fire or even True Fire in the Lingtian Mystic Realm that could help Wu Chang better his cultivation and strength.

Li Yu decided to bring Ji Wanjie along as he wanted to test Ji Wanjie’s capabilities.

If he brought him to the dangerous Lingtian Mystic Realm, he could help deal with some monsters and help out. He could prevent himself from doing everything himself.

Furthermore, after this period of observation, Ji Wanjie did not show any abnormalities, so Li Yu could relax.

In addition, he had the powerful protective umbrella of the Limitless Merit Golden Body. He was not afraid if Ji Wanjie’s demonic nature was unleashed and attacked the people around him.

After all, if his body can restrain an old monster as powerful as Mo Wuhui, there should be no problem dealing with Ji Wanjie.

“This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. You must seize this opportunity to properly train and grow. I’ll wait for your return after a rewarding journey!” Li Qingyun surveyed the ten disciples and encouraged them with a smile.

Suddenly, the power of heaven and earth fluctuated violently, and resonant voices sounded out in the sky. A commotion broke out among the disciples. Li Yu walked out of the hall and noticed that the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the sky had paraded with golden light again.

Immediately, two new rankings appeared: the Human Sons of Heaven Rankings and the Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings.

 
Chapter 99: 100 and Li Yu
CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m



After the new rankings surfaced, a few rows of clear, gilded words condensed below.

On the Human Sons of Heaven Rankings, human elites below the age of 200 could enter the rankings.

Demons below the age of 500 could enter the Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings.

‘The two rankings were based on the power level and potential of the various geniuses. They were ranked from low to high, and each person could obtain the Heavenly Dao reward by entering the top hundred.

The rankings were refreshed every day, and the rewards were distributed once every year.

“It’s suddenly gone from the country rankings to the global rankings! I suspect that the Heavenly Dao Rankings are stirring up trouble, but I don’t have any evidence!” Li Yu joked with a smile.

Amid the upcoming opening of the Lingtian Mystic Realm, the sudden announcement of the Human Sons of Heaven Rankings was definitely adding fuel to the fire for this trip to the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

Li Yu did not need his brains to know that most human geniuses would surely gather in the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

‘The appearance of such rankings would surely intensify the conflict between the various elites.

After all, everyone had potential. Who would accept losing to anyone?

If there was no ranking to reflect one’s power level and standing among others, everyone would seem to respect each other.

‘There might only be some disputes due to overlapping interests in the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

Now that the rankings were up, there was an additional trigger for conflicts.

Of course, Li Yu did not care about all those matters. After all, there were some paths that he had to take sooner or later.

“The Human Sons of Heaven Rankings? Haha, Senior Brother, you’re getting number one again!” Gu Yuqi remarked with a smile.

“It’s over. I think the elites of the Great Zenith Domain are going to suffer a blow!”

“Haha, that’s right. Not to mention the human elites, Senior Brother is definitely the number one among the elites of all races!” Ye Qiu and Tang Chi cheered excitedly.

“Alright, alright. Keep a low profile!” Li Yu advised in all seriousness.

“Yes, yes, yes. Let’s keep a low profile!”

Almost at the same time, inside the different countries of the Huaxia continent’s northem region and the three great eternal empires of the southern region, as well as the various Holy Lands of the Great Zenith Domain, countless humans looked up at the sky in surprise at the two new rankings.

“The Human and Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings. Interesting. I wonder who will be on i

“Theard that the Holy Son of the Primordial Dao Holy Land, Chu Yunhe, is the publicly acknowledged number one prodigy. The number one spot for humans must be his!”

“That’s right. Plus, it’s said that he’s the one who spoke the mantras of the Great Dao. His cultivation seems to have already reached the Mahayana Realm. No one in the current generation can compare to him!”

“Tsk tsk, this ranking is pretty intriguing. The Holy Sons of the various Holy Lands, the prodigies of the various eternal empires and eternal families, which one of them isn’t a dragon or phoenix among men? If it weren’t for the Heavenly Dao Rankings, who would dare rank these geniuses!”

“Yep. The rankings this time will definitely be intense. I’m quite curious about the Demon side. Who will be on it?”

“Yes, the elites of the demon race on the rankings are the focus of the various Holy Lands of the human race!”

“It’s all the same. The demons probably think the same.”

Ina city in the Great Zenith Domain, countless people discussed as they looked at the rankings, their hearts filled with anticipation.

In the Primordial Dao Holy Land, the Holy Lord, Perfected Tian Hui, gave a meaningful look at the Heavenly Dao Rankings and commented, “These two rankings are worth looking forward to!”

As for Chu Yunhe, who was on Divine Son Peak, a look of anticipation flashed through his eyes when he saw the rankings.

However, he was slightly nervous.

Although he did not care much about fame and fortune, he had been addressed as the Eldest Senior Brother of the sect and the number one prodigy for many years.

He would always feel a burden in his heart carrying such a name.

He did not want to disappoint everyone, nor did he want to embarrass the orthodox sects.

After all, the five main fiend sects were becoming prosperous now.

Therefore, his biggest concern was not whether he could become the number one human but whether he could protect the top spot for the orthodox sects.

Fortunately, he had obtained inspiration from the Great Dao’s mantra that day to break through a major cultivation realm, making him feel much more at ease.

“The number one genius of the human race will surely be you, Senior Brother, the Holy Son!” Junior Brother Chen Hao declared with a smile.

“Don’t say that yet. The world is vast with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. There is always a higher mountain, and there is always someone better. We still don’t know who’s number one!” Chu Yunhe waved his hand slightly and responded.

“Senior Brother, you’re being too modest. Who would dare claim to be number one if you call yourself number two? You should have confidence. If you’re not number one, I swear I’ll start walking backward!” Chen Hao assured with a firm expression.

“Don’t speak carelessly. How can you make such a vow! The words of us cultivators carry weight. The heavens and the earth can witness it. You might incur the wrath of the heavens for such reckless vows!” Chu Yunhe scolded with a grave expression.

“Hehe, I understand. I just want to say that my Senior Brother is the strongest, in my opinion. Also, you’re publicly acknowledged as the number one, so how could it be untrue?”

“It’s still too early to say. Let’s wait for the rankings to be revealed!” Chu Yunhe looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings again. “It’s about to be announced!”

At that moment, golden light converged below the Human Sons of Heaven Rankings. Under the gazes of everyone, the first name was about to appear in front of everyone.

“It’s almost here! I’m looking forward to it already!” Tang Chi hugged Ye Qiu excitedly. Ye Qiu also looked at the first name condensing on the Heavenly Dao Rankings slowly with an eager look.

Human Rankings # 100: Li Yu

1

“Eh?” Tang Chi and Ye Qiu almost fell and sat on the ground. The entire Qingyun Sect was also in an uproar.

Perfected Yu Hua, Perfected Taiwu, and countless others in the Great Xia Dynasty widened their eyes in shock.

‘They even thought that they had seen it wrongly. Have the Heavenly Dao Rankings announced the first place?

However, it was not after a closer look.

Li Yu was only in the hundredth place.

How was that possible!

Human Rankings # 100: Li Yu

Cultivation: Soul Formation Initial Stage

Origin: Myriad Era Dynasty’s Li Family

1

Reward: Increase enlightenment and aptitude by one level

Seeing this, everyone heaved a sigh of relief. It was someone else with the same name, a false alarm.

“Hahaha, I knew it. How could Eldest Senior Brother only be in the 100th place!” Ye Qiu laughed.

“I knew it wasn’t our Eldest Senior Brother with one look!” Tang Chi acted to be wise after the fact.

“Stop right there. You were the loudest just now!” Ye Qiu mercilessly criticized him.

Li Yu smiled. Actually, he was shocked when he saw it earlier, but he immediately believed it was someone with the same name.

After all, the rankings covered a large area. It was normal for different people to have the same name. It was not like his name was patented.

“Increase enlightenment and aptitude by one level? The reward this time is not physical?”

Many people were surprised by the rewards from the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

However, the eyes of some cultivators with higher cultivation levels sparkled.

“The reward this time is appealing!”

“That’s right. This reward is more useful than the previous physical items distributed on the rankings for those elites!”

“Yes, the geniuses who can be on the rankings are predominantly from large family clans and sects. They do not lack cultivation techniques, pills, or magic treasures. Plus, these elites are dragons and phoenixes among men. Their aptitudes are already extraordinary. Ordinary pills and spirit herbs

probably have little effect on their aptitude and enlightenment. Such rewards directly increase that, making it more precious than countless spirit pills and herbs.”

“Indeed, especially in terms of enlightenment level. For cultivators who have reached the Soul Formation Stage, enlightenment is even more important. It can be said that enlightenment is the ceiling of a cultivators cultivation. Increasing one’s enlightenment level is equivalent to increasing the upper

limit of one’s cultivation. Directly improving one’s enlightenment is what countless cultivators can only dream of!”

“If the 100th place already has such a reward, I’m really looking forward to the next person on the list!”

 
Chapter 100: Struggle Between the Orthodox and Demonic Geniuses, Emergence of Demon Talent


The Great Zenith Domain, the Night God Palace. As the five top demonic sects, the Night God Palace’s capability was in no way inferior to any Holy Land.

At that moment, the Night God Palace’s Master and the Deified Daughter were standing on Star Seizer Tower, watching the names that kept appearing on the human race’s Sons of Heaven Rankings.

“Whisper, you’re probably going to be well-known around the world!” The person who spoke was a refined middle-aged man with a handsome face and starry eyes.

He was the current Master of the Night God Palace—Night Soul Lord.

Beside him was his proudest disciple, the number one prodigy of the Night God Palace, the Deified Daughter—Night Whisper.

Night Whisper was an absolute beauty with icy skin and jade bones, and her disposition was extraordinary. Coupled with the black dress she wore that outlined her elegant figure, she seemed mysterious and sophisticated.

“Master, this isn’t worth rejoicing!” Night Whisper’s tone was indifferent.

“There’s no harm. It’s time for you to be recognized. We could use the rankings to let the various Holy Lands witness the true peerless genius of our Night God Palace and give them an eye-opener.

“In my opinion, no one in the various Holy Lands can compare to you, not even the current Chu Yunhe! You have already surpassed me. The number one prodigy of the human race shall belong to you!” Night Soul Lord declared confidently.

Night Whisper’s eyes brightened up while anticipation began building up.

She did not care if she was made known to the world, It was just that everyone desired to win and vied for that first place.

Night Whisper was no exception.

The Night God Palace had always been known for its secrecy, and most of its disciples were not known to outsiders, especially Night Whisper.

Previously, she had always been in seclusion somewhere beyond the world, so she hadn’t been on any Hidden Dragon Rankings, the 3000 Physique Rankings, or the Divine Weapon Rankings. She was definitely a true hidden genius.

Prodigies from the various top families, sects, and Holy Lands were listed on the rankings one after the other. It interchanged between prodigies of the fiend sects and orthodox sects.

‘The rewards from the Heavenly Dao Rankings became more and more generous. At 30th place, the enlightenment and aptitude rewards had already gone up to a 100% increase.

On top of that, there were additional rewards for improving the soul.

Human Rankings # 20: Duan Tianlong

Cultivation: Soul Formation Peak Stage

Origin: Grand Primordium Holy Land

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 100%, Soul Strength increases by 50%

Human Rankings # 19: Gu Yuqi

Cultivation: Soul Formation Initial Stage

Origin: Qingyun Sect

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 100%, Soul Strength increases by 60%

“Junior Brother Gu is on the rankings!” Tang Chi hugged Gu Yugi in surprise. “Not bad, Junior Brother!”

“Hey, Junior Brother Wan Jie has also reached the Soul Formation Stage. He should have a chance to get on the rankings too!”

Everyone’s eyes suddenly gathered on ‘Ji Wanjie’ the Blood Spirit Monarch, whose only desire was to be invisible.

“L… I definitely have no chance. It’s already in the top 20, and I’m not on the rankings. I’m definitely outside the top 100!” The Blood Spirit Monarch responded with a bitter smile.

He had long begun panicking inside, praying hard that he would not get on the rankings.

Compared to the Heavenly Dao reward, his life was more important.

Li Yu was right beside him. If his true identity was exposed, he would be doomed.

At the moment, those who knew about Gu Yugj’s Ancient God Body were not surprised by the rankings.

However, those who did not know Gu Yuqi were shocked after they saw his cultivation realm.

“Eh? That Gu Yuqi’s cultivation is only at the early stage of Soul Formation. On what basis is he ranked 19th?”

“Yeah, the dozen or so people behind him are already in the late stage of the Soul Formation Realm. Why is this kid ranked 19th in the early stage of the Soul Formation Realm?”

“What the hell is the Heavenly Dao Rankings doing? Can’t you be a little more serious? It’s such an obvious error. Did Gu Yuqi bribe the Heave…?!” someone cursed.

Before he could finish his sentence, a bolt of lightning struck him in the head, causing him to foam at the mouth and urinate.

“Holy shit, this brother has been punished by the Heavenly Dao Rankings. Let’s not talk about it anymore!”

“Hmph, if you ask me, he deserved it. Sprouting nonsense before knowing anything made him suffer the wrath of heaven!”

“Indeed. The Heavenly Dao Rankings clearly state that the rankings are based on power level and potential, not according to the cultivation realm.

“There were many determining factors in strength. Cultivation was only one of them. The cultivation techniques, divine arts, comprehension of the Dao, bloodline, and other factors would have a huge impact.

“and there’s also potential. This is an even more abstract concept. If Gu Yuqi can enter the top 20 at the initial stage of Soul Formation, that must mean that his power level far surpasses those in the same realm or that he possesses extremely incredible potential!”

In the Clear Void Holy Land. Qin Yueheng looked at Gu Yuqi’s name and felt demoralized. He gritted his teeth and clenched his fists.

So the difference between us is that big? Qin Yueheng murmured in his heart.

Previously, when they were ranked on the Hidden Dragon Rankings, Gu Yuqi was first while he was second. At that time, he felt that they were only one place apart.

Yet, now that he looked at the Human Sons of Heaven Rankings, he did not even have the qualifications to enter the rankings while Gu Yuqi was in the top 20.

This apparent difference made Qin Yueheng suffer an unprecedented blow.

Moreover, besides Gu Yugi, there was also Li Yu, that fellow who was younger than him but had showcased terrifying capability.

Compared to them, his ego in the past was laughable.

I must work harder this time in the Lingtian Mystic Realm. I must push up to the Sons of Heaven rankings!

Qin Yueheng’s heart was burning with raging flames.

Human Rankings # 14: Zhou Yu

Cultivation: Profound Void Martial Initial Stage

Origin: Clear Void Holy Land

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 90%.

Human Rankings # 13: Chu Jianxin

Cultivation: Profound Void Martial Initial Stage

Origin: Million Swords Holy Land

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 90%.

Human Rankings # 12: Wu Qian

Cultivation: Profound Void Martial Initial Stage

Origin: Violet Palace Holy Land

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 90%.

Human Rankings # 11: Chen Chuji

Cultivation: Profound Void Martial Initial Stage

Origin: Divine Firmament Holy Land

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 90%.

Human Rankings # 10: Han Ye

Cultivation: Profound Void Martial Intermediate Stage

Origin: Night God Palace

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 100%

Human Rankings # 9: Yun Xiao

Cultivation: Profound Void Martial Intermediate Stage

Origin: Yin Yang Hall

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 100%

Human Rankings # 8: Tian Que

Cultivation: Profound Void Martial Intermediate Stage

Origin: Netherworld Cult

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 100%

Human Rankings # 7: Nan Mingjun

Cultivation: Profound Void Martial Intermediate Stage

Origin: Three Lives Sect

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 100%

“This generation’s Divine Firmament Holy Son is not good enough. He hasn’t even entered the top ten!”

“This era no longer belongs to Li Qingyun. It’s now Chu Yunhe’s era!”

“It’s not only the Divine Firmament Holy Land. The Holy Sons of the Clear Void, the Violet Palace, the Grand Primordium, and the Million Swords Holy Land are also ranked outside the top ten!”

“How could this be? The Holy Sons of the various Holy Lands can’t even enter the top ten?”

“Look at those geniuses from the five fiend sects. Four of them are already in the top ten! Currently, only the Divine Pool Holy Daughter, Yao Xi, and the Primordial Dao Holy Son, Chu Yunhe, are left among the seven Holy Lands. But there are six more spots left. Oh no… the situation on the rankings isn’t

good!”

“If more than half of the top ten are occupied by the five fiend sects, where would the reputation of the seven Holy Lands go?!”

“This first place should be Chu Yunhe’s for sure. As long as he can keep the first place, the orthodox sects can save some face!”

As the top ten on the rankings were announced, the discussions among countless cultivators intensified.

The situation on the rankings made many orthodox sects nervous. Their grim faces revealed it all.

Although they knew that the fiend sects had become more prosperous and the orthodox path had declined in recent years, they did not expect the situation to be so grim.

The Seven Holy Lands already had five Holy Land’s current generation geniuses outside the top ten.

The remaining six spots were worrying.

The most worried ones were the Holy Lords, Elders of the Holy Lands, those top experts of the orthodox path.

The struggle between the righteous and demonic path had lasted for countless years. It could not be said that they were like fire and water that could not coexist, but it was more or less the same.

It did not matter if it was in the conflicts in the paths or the struggles for control of resources, status, influence, and prestige. Everyone had to compete for supremacy.

The Sons of Heaven Rankings only represented the power level and potential of the geniuses of the younger generation.

However, it was also an invisible competition between the righteous and demonic paths. Who would be willing to see their descendants inferior to the other party?

Furthermore, the Heavenly Dao Rankings garnered worldwide attention. Apart from the humans, the various demon races were also watching.

The various Holy Lands did not want to be at a disadvantage. After all, they still cared about their reputation.

However, the situation on the rankings was not optimistic.

“Hehe, looks like the successors of various Holy Lands are getting weaker. The four Holy Sons of the seven Holy Lands are ranked after our Tian Que. They’re too inferior!”

“Haha, of course! This batch of Holy Disciples is too weak!”

“No, they aren’t actually that weak. To be precise, the talent of our Netherworld Cult’s new generation is more outstanding!”

“Mm, indeed, indeed. Their cultivation realms aren’t low either. It’s just that our Netherworld Cult’s young generation is simply superior!”

In the Netherworld Cult, the Scarlet Flame King, the White Feather King, the Golden Lion King, the Black Centipede King, and the Blue Butterfly King looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings with ruminating expressions.

As the archenemies who had fought with the Holy Lands for more than 100,000 years, the members of the Netherworld Cult were pleased to witness this scene.

Before, it had always been the geniuses of the various Holy Lands who reigned supreme and influenced the world, But now, the tides have turned. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

In this tumultuous era, the geniuses of their Netherworld Cult finally rose in power and trampled the Holy Sons of the various Holy Lands under their feet.

They were in a good mood.

“Judging from how this goes, our Deified Son, Fang Wu, should enter the top three easily!”

“First place isn’t out of the question either. The Sons of Heaven Rankings isn’t just based on cultivation level. In terms of capability, Fang Wu might not lose to Chu Yunhe!”

“Haha, you’e right about that. If Fang Wu can reach the number one spot, the Heavenly Dao Rankings will be very interesting. In the future, I’ll surely mock Perfected Tian Hui in his face, mwahaha…”

‘The Kings of the Netherworld Cult laughed heartily. They were in an excellent mood, pleased with the feeling of holding their heads high.

At that moment, it was not only the fiend sects who were mocking the Seven Holy Lands. The various demons were also in the mood to enjoy the show.

On the Endless Sea’s Thousand Dragon Island, the elders of the Azure Dragon Clan looked at the human race’s rankings with mocking expressions.

“The younger generation of the seven Holy Lands is just mediocre!”

“Humph, it’s no longer the era where the seven Holy Lands reign supreme. Their glory is long gone!”

“Not mentioning the seven Holy Lands, even the entire human race combined is not as powerful as us demons. In the future, it will surely be the era of our demon race, the era of our Azure Dragon Race!”

“If this ranking didn’t differentiate between humans and demons, it would probably be difficult for those so-called Holy Sons of the seven Holy Lands to enter the top 50.”

“Boring, this is too boring. The young human elites are too weak. They can already be in the top ten at the Profound Void Martial Intermediate Stage. After seeing our Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings later, I’m afraid it’ll scare them!”

“Haha, indeed. If they can enter the top ten at the Profound Void Martial Stage, our juniors alone can monopolize the top ten!”

“Let’s look forward to our rankings. This time, our Azure Dragon Clan’s younger generation will definitely shine!”

On one of the islands in the Thousand Dragon Island, Long Zhi, who had just walked out of his seclusion palace, couldn’t help but sneer as he looked at the human rankings.

“The human prodigies are so weak. It’s finally time for our demon race to dominate the world!” Long Zhi remarked coldly.

He was the fifth son of the Azure Dragon Clan’s Dragon King, with a mid-stage Tribulation cultivation realm.

Still, he could only barely rank third among the dragon clan’s younger generation.

His older brother, Long Ao, and his third sister, Long Yue, were absolutely the top prodigies of this generation.

This was especially true for his older brother, who had already reached the intermediate stage of the Mahayana Realm. He had surpassed the elders in the clan, and his power level was almost on par with his father.

The dragon race’s current generation was definitely filled with geniuses and bloodline.

In addition, 300 years ago, his father was fortunate enough to obtain the Azure Dragon Emperor Scripture in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm. As well as a fragment of the Azure Dragon’s blood essence, a few pieces of the Azure Dragon Divine Bone, and a dragon pearl.

It made the outstanding elites of this generation of the dragon race even more remarkable with such advantageous opportunities.

Their capabilities were almost on par with the top experts in the world.

Human Rankings # 6: Yao Xi

Cultivation: Profound Void Martial Intermediate Stage

Origin: Divine Pool Holy Land

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 300%, Soul Strength increases by 200%

“Senior Sister is only ranked sixth. How could this be!”

Seeing that Yao Xi was only ranked sixth, the female disciples of the Divine Pool Holy Land were stunned, their faces filled with disbelief.

After all, Yao Xi was once a genius on par with Chu Yunhe.

However, she had an unwelcoming nature and did not enjoy being in the limelight.

Consequently, her reputation and prestige were far inferior to Chu Yunhe. Still, in terms of capability, they did not think that Yao Xi would lose to Chu Yunhe in the past.

Of course, the current Chu Yunhe had already stepped into the Tribulation realm and fully deserved the title of number one genius here.

Nevertheless, they did not expect to see Yao Xi could only rank sixth on the rankings.

It was simply unbelievable.

“Even Xi’er can only be placed sixth. The situation on the Heavenly Dao Rankings isn’t looking good!” The Divine Pool Holy Lord, Perfected Biyao, commented with a grave expression.

This outcome was beyond her expectations, but she was more worried about the final five spots.

“Chu Yunhe will definitely get a seat. The rest will probably be… sigh…”

Perfected Biyao sighed secretly.

It was difficult to admit, but she had no choice but to accept the day when the Demonic Sects surpassed the various Holy Lands.

‘The glorious era of the seven Holy Lands was likely coming to an end.

At the moment, Yao Xi was sitting in a lotus posture with her legs crossed on the Dao Comprehension Cliff.

She remained composed as she took a look at her ranking without any changes in her eyes. Afterward, she closed her eyes again and continued her cultivation.

She now sought to improve her cultivation before the Lingtian Mystic Realm opened.

Yao Xi had never cared about ranking. She only pursued her heart and her own Dao.

She had been lost in the past, but now that she had a clear goal, all that was left was to work hard to realize it.

Instead of worrying about such rankings, she would rather comprehend the Great Dao and put all efforts into cultivation.

Right then, she suddenly sensed strange energy fluctuations appearing around her.

Immediately, a warm current flowed into her body, making her instantly feel clear-headed. It was an extremely relaxing feeling.

It must be the reward from the Heavenly Dao.

Human Rankings # 5: Feng Xian

Cultivation: Tribulation Initial Stage

Origin: Xilan City’s Feng Family

“Only fifth? Looks like this body really restricts my performance!”

In the Grand Desolate Forest, a young man with messy hair and an ordinary appearance looked up at his ranking on the Heavenly Dao Rankings and made his complaints with slight disappointment.

He was dragging a six-armed demon ape with a body like a small mountain.

He was Feng Xian, ranked fifth on the Sons of Heaven Rankings.

However, no one knew that he was actually the reincarnation of an Immortal Emperor from the Ancient Azure Dragon Kingdom.


With the various profound Paragon-level cultivation techniques in his memories and an equally exceptional foundation, his cultivation had advanced by leaps and bounds. He had already stepped into the Tribulation realm at the age of 31.

If the Heavenly Dao Rankings had appeared a year earlier, he would have been the first on that Hidden Dragon Rankings.



Unfortunately, his current age perfectly missed the age limit of the Hidden Dragon Rankings.

Furthermore, although his physical body in this life had good potential, it was not a special physique.

If this was the body from my previous life, I would definitely be ranked first. My body is too ordinary in this life! I hope to obtain some dependable bloodline power or opportunities like a saint’s bone or a paragon’s bone after entering the Lingtian Mystic Realm this time!

After thinking about that, he continued to drag the demon ape forward until he arrived at an open space that had clearly been developed by unnatural forces.

He threw the demon ape to a side of the empty ground, where there were four other huge demon beast corpses.

Feng Xian formed hand seals and shot them into the bodies of the demon beasts. Immediately, the blood of the demon beasts was extracted and rapidly condensed into a strange Blood Spirit Array.

Then, it tured into energy that constantly tempered and nourished his body.

In the Divine Firmament Holy Land, Perfected Qing Xiao could not help but look surprised when he saw Feng Xian’s name. “The fifth place is actually a Feng family disciple! But why have I never heard of this child before?”

‘The Feng family was a cultivation family clan in a city under the jurisdiction of their Divine Firmament Holy Land.

Although his family was not a top cultivation family, they were still quite recognized.

The current prodigy of the family clan had also been on the Hidden Dragon Rankings.

Regardless, he had never heard of this person called Feng Xian before. Furthermore, the most shocking part was that his cultivation had already reached the Tribulation realm.

“Who is Feng Xian? And we’ve never heard of him before?” The elders at the side were also quite surprised.

“Yeah, to actually enter the tribulation realm. This cultivation is shocking! Looks like the rankings this time will expose more hidden geniuses!”

“That’s good news. There still might be unknown geniuses in the top four. It’s fine as long as they’re not from the fiend sects!”

The group of elders was still praying to save the face of the orthodox sects.

Before they could finish their sentence, the new name on the rankings made their faces sink.

Human Rankings # 4: Fang Wu

Cultivation: Tribulation Initial Stage

Origin: Netherworld Cult

Chapter 101: Unknown


“Fang Wu is only ranked fourth!”

The Kings of the Netherworld Cult were shocked when they saw Fang Wu’s ranking They knew of Fang Wu’s strength and talent. He was definitely a prodigy in the cult who could compare with Chu Yunhe. They did not expect him to be ranked top, but he should at least be second.

Only Fang Wu and Chu Yunhe were left on the rankings among all the prodigies they know. But it seemed like there were still hidden geniuses.

They wonder which side those hidden geniuses belonged to.

It was clear that the competition between the geniuses of the righteous and demonic sects was not over yet. It was unknown who would have the last laugh.

Therefore, everyone from the Netherworld Cult was tensed up. They were worried that the top three would be swept by the orthodox sects.

In that case, the fiend sects would lose on the rankings today.

Of course, those from the various Holy Lands of the Great Zenith Domain had the same feelings as the members of the Netherworld Cult.

Their hearts sank when they saw more fiend sects on the rankings.

They looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings and had no heart to speak anymore.

The only hope left was Chu Yunhe.

If he could rank first, he might be able to save some face for the orthodox sects.

Otherwise.

Human Rankings # 3: Chu Yunhe

Cultivation: Tribulation Initial Stage

Origin: Primordial Dao Holy Land

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 300%, Soul Strength increases by 300%, Karmic Luck increases by 100%

“Huh!”

The Primordial Dao Holy Land, the Grand Primordium Holy Land, the Divine Firmament Holy Land, the Violet Palace Holy Land, the Million Swords Holy Land, the Divine Pool Holy Land, and the many orthodox sects and families of the Great Zenith Domain.

Everyone was stunned as they looked at Chu Yunhe’s ranking in disappointment and shock.

For a moment, they felt that their faith had collapsed.

The publicly acknowledged number one genius of the current era, Chu Yunhe. He could only rank third.

No one could accept this fact, nor were they willing to believe it.

The seven Holy Land’s Holy Sons represented the ceiling of the current orthodox sects and the future hope of the orthodox sects.

Now that the ceiling had collapsed, this hope became despair.

“Third…” Perfected Tian Hui frowned slightly. This outcome was unexpected. After all, Perfected Tian Hui knew Chu Yunhe very well. His talent was absolutely one in a million years.

He was likely slightly superior to the breathtaking Li Qingyun in the past.

If such talent is only ranked third, how monstrous is the potential of the top two?

“I’ll expect no less in such a tumultuous era. It’s not just the demon race that produced unbelievable prodigies, but our human race has also produced unprecedented prodigies! But… I wonder which side these two prodigies that could stun the ages belong to.”

The Primordial Dao Holy Lord felt heavy-hearted yet excited. He was on pins and needles and worried at the same time. In short, he was conflicted.

If he put aside his status and the struggle between orthodox and demonic paths, he would be curious and looking forward to knowing the identities of the two unknown geniuses that could surpass Chu Yunhe.

“Sigh… I still have much to work on! I’m afraid I’ve disappointed many people on this occasion!” Chu Yunhe laughed at himself and shook his head slightly. He knew that his status as the Eldest Senior Brother of the Dao Sect bore the hopes of countless people, so the pressure he felt when the Heavenly Sons of Heaven Rankings appeared was indeed heavy.

Although he was disappointed when he saw his ranking, he suddenly felt like a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders.

Since the dust had settled, all he had to do was cultivate diligently. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The path of cultivation was extremely long. A momentary win or loss was nothing. Chu Yunhe believed that the future was long and everything was only the beginning.

Chu Yunhe had good character, and the rankings did not affect his Dao heart.

“Are the remaining two people from the fiend sects?”

In the Clear Void Holy Land, a group of Elders discussed with grave expressions.

“It’s over. Our orthodox sects have lost this time. If the top two were from the fiend sects, seven of the top ten would be occupied by the demonic path. We only have three. Where would our orthodox sect’s face go?!”

“If we lose the top spot, we’ll be utterly defeated!”

“Could there be other hidden descendants of aristocratic families?”

“The chances are slim!”

“No, there might be one!” Perfected Taiqing suddenly interrupted everyone.

“Holy Lord, you mean that our orthodox path still has a hidden genius?” All the elders looked at Perfected Taiqing with burning eyes.

A glimmer of hope arose again.

Of course, apart from the Grand Elder, Perfected Myriad Dao, he had guessed who Perfected Taiqing was talking about. “Yes, Li Qingyun’s son, Li Yu!” Perfected Taiqing said word by word.

However, these words caused the elders’ faces to sink again, and their feelings suddenly became inexplicably complicated. “Li Qingyun’s son, Li Yu?” “We’ve never heard of him? Are you saying he is even stronger than Chu Yunhe?” All the elders looked at Perfected Taiqing in confusion. Duan Tianming and the others only reported Li Yu’s matter to Perfected Taiqing. They did not spread it around. After all, Li Yu’s identity was sensitive, so not many people in the Clear Void Holy Land knew about him. Perfected Taiqing did not explain himself further.

Although he did not know how strong Li Yu was, judging from the situation described by Duan Tianming and the others, Li Yu was at least above Zhou Yu.

With Li Yu’s strength and potential, getting on the ranking was a certainty. Since he had not appeared on the rankings for a long time, he was most likely among the top two.

Not mentioning the terrifying extent of his cultivation, he was probably worthy of the top two in terms of potential.

Compared to the heavy hearts of the people from the various Holy Lands of the Great Zenith Domain at the moment, the feelings of those from the many large sects of the Great Xia Dynasty could be described as excited, restless, and enthusiastic.

If Gu Yuqi was on the list, Li Yu would definitely be on it. Therefore, Li Yu would definitely be in the top two. A young man from the Great Xia Dynasty who had surpassed the seven Holy Lands. This was something to be proud of in the entire Great Xia Dynasty.

Without Li Yu, probably not many people worldwide would know anything about the Great Xia Dynasty.

The same went for the Great Zenith Domain.

Regardless, the Great Xia Dynasty would definitely become famous everywhere

after today. Those arrogant Holy Land experts of the Great Zenith Domain would have to pay them their respect.

Therefore, as members of the Great Xia Dynasty and admirers of Li Yu, they were naturally thrilled and proud.

“I believe Li Yu will definitely come in first!”

“That’s needless to say. Li Yu is only 17 years old, while those on the rankings are already 100-200 years old. Who can compare to Li Yu’s potential? Moreover, he’s the person who spoke the mantras of the Great Dao. No one in the world can compare to him!”

“You’re damn right. Li Yu is the fully deserving top prodigy, and the number one spot in the human race belongs to him!”

“Hurry, hurry! I can’t wait to see Li Yu’s name!”

“I just want to know what cultivation realm Li Yu is in!”?

“Hmm, I’m still curious if the Heavenly Dao Rankings will give him yet again an additional reward this time!”

At the moment, the Night Soul Lord of the Night God Palace was also in a good mood. Based on the current situation he observed, Night Whisper’s cultivation and power level were bound to be number one.

Chu Yunhe was only in the early stage of the Tribulation realm, while Night Whisper was already in the Mahayana realm. There was definitely no one among the human elites who could compete with Night Whisper.

“But who will be second? I’m quite curious.” The Night Soul Lord tapped his chin with his fingers and remarked with a smile.

Now that the known geniuses were on the rankings, he could not think of who would be second.

Night Whisper looked at the rankings curiously as well. At this moment, golden lights converged in the sky, and second place was about to be announced. Human Rankings # 2: Night Whisper

Cultivation: Mahayana Early Stage Origin: Night God Palace

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 400%, Soul Strength increases by 400%, Karmic Luck increases by 300%

“What!”

Night Soul Lord cried out in shock.

His eyes widened as he looked at the rankings in disbelief. His head suddenly went numb.

He would never have guessed that the second place would be Night Whisper. Not even her Mahayana cultivation realm could be ranked top. How was that possible!

The Mahayana Realm was a realm comparable to those old monsters in the first tier of this world.

If she could not even rank top, how terrifying was the actual first place?

“There’s actually someone stronger than Whisper in the younger generation? Unbelievable! Plus, it looks like he’s probably a genius who hasn’t emerged in front of the world!”

The Night Soul Lord could not calm down for a moment. After all, Night Whisper was already breathtaking enough in the current era. In fact, few humans could compare to her in both the past and present. Yet, she still could not get that top spot. Who can this person be? Is that person from our fiend sects or the Holy Lands? The Night Soul Lord’s expression was tense as he stared at the Heavenly Dao Rankings, waiting for the first place to be announced. On the other hand, Night Whisper was slightly disappointed. After all, she really believed that she would reach the top after listening to her confident master earlier.

However, she had never imagined that she was only ranked second. However, this disappointment vanished in an instant as she was similarly curious.

Who exactly managed to surpass me?

Night Whisper’s appearance on the ranking was like a bomb that instantly detonated across the entire world. Mahayana Realm.

The mysterious Night Whisper took second place with an entire cultivation realm’s difference over Chu Yunhe.

Almost no one had expected this outcome.

Therefore, many people were shocked to the extreme. Of course, some were happy while others were worried.

The people’s hearts from the various Holy Lands were practically sinking to the bottom, especially for the people from the Primordial Dao Holy Land.

The outcome that they least wanted to see seemed to be happening.

The reality was worse than they had feared.

Night Whisper’s appearance was simply a shot to the head. An entire major cultivation realm! It was simply a despairing difference.

To them, Night Whisper stood above all the geniuses of the Holy Land in a crushing manner and looked down on the world as if to announce how powerful the fiend sect elites were.

“I never expected a fiend sect to have such a monstrous genius!”

“I’m afraid no one can match up to such talent from past to future. This is unbelievable!”

“Hold on, Night Whisper is still only ranked second. Then how ridiculous is the one at the top!?”

“Yeah, could the first place be someone from the Night God Palace too?”

“It’s hard to say at the moment. The Night God Palace has always been secretive. Someone as monstrous as Night Whisper had never appeared in the world before, nor had she been on any previous rankings. Who knows if there are other prodigies hidden in the Night God Palace!”

Of course, compared to the heavy hearts of the various Holy Lands, the members of the Netherworld Cult and the other fiend sects were overjoyed, even though Night Whisper’s appearance had greatly exceeded their expectations.

They were also surprised, but they felt relieved when they saw that the second place was a member of the demonic sects and that she had clinched second place with an overwhelming advantage. “The various Holy Dao Sects have really run out of talent. Looks like this last person might be from the demonic path!”

“Hmm, the Night God Palace might have another trump card!”

“If this last person is from the Night God Palace, that would be quite scary. Two prodigies in the Mahayana Realm. The future of the Night God Palace would be unimaginable!”

“It’s time to pay a visit to Night Soul Lord. That old fellow isn’t simple after all. He actually secretly raised a prodigy like Night Whisper!”

“Yeah, we’ve never heard of Night Whisper. As expected of the Night God Palace, it’s really secretive!”

“Hey, look. The first place is coming up!” Just as countless people were still immersed in the shock brought by Night Whisper, the golden light on the Heavenly Dao Rankings intensified again. Heavenly voices sounded between the heavens and the earth. It was like the whispers of gods, the cries of a hundred beasts, the echo of nature, the chime of a holy bell.

There was also an extravagant scene of rainbow-colored lights and auspicious clouds that filled the sky. It could be said that the special effects were on full display, adding to the posh setting.

“I didn’t expect the first place to receive such treatment!”

“As expected of the top prodigy, it’s way different from the others!” “Therefore, everyone is vying for first place!”

“Looks like the top is a cut above the rest! To have such an amazing scene surfacing on the Heavenly Dao Rankings!”

“Tsk tsk, the effect from the Heavenly Dao Rankings is pretty good!” Among the commotion, the countless strands of golden light slowly condensed into a name that was one font size larger than the others on the rankings-Li Yu.

Human Rankings # 1: Li Yu

Cultivation: Unknown

Origin: Qingyun Sect

Reward: Secret Additional Reward: Secret

“????”

For a moment, the entire world seemed to have fallen silent.

The seven Holy Lands, the five fiend sects, countless sects, clans, and even the various demons were all stunned.

Everyone’s minds were filled with surprise and confusion as they looked at the first place information with perplexed faces. What the hell is unknown cultivation?

What the hell is that secret reward?

And what the hell is that additional secret reward?

Everyone was baffled. In fact, people’s concerns about the struggles between the righteous and demonic paths had already been thrown to the back of everyone’s minds.

They were all thrown off by the word ‘unknown’ as they could not understand it no matter how hard they thought about it. Yet, they were so curious that they could not eat or sleep well without knowing the answer.

No matter how high one’s cultivation was, it should at least have a name for the cultivation realm.

Even if one surpassed the Mahayana Realm, there was still a classification of cultivation realms for immortals.

What did ‘unknown’ mean?

Was it an unidentified power? Or was it an unknown cultivation system?

Or perhaps Heavenly Dao was deliberately modifying the show to whet everyone’s appetite.

Moreover, the rewards for first place were kept a secret. How could it be kept a secret when the previous ones were all announced? Was his reward entirely different from others?

Furthermore, he had an additional reward, but it was kept secret too.

This made people uncomfortable. If the Heavenly Dao did not want anyone to know what the reward was, they might as well not show that segment.

It showed the presence of an additional reward, but it did not reveal what it was.

This was just like digging a hole and not filling it, like canceling a novel when it reached its climax. Everyone would hate it! a

Thus, everyone in the world was discussing and guessing for a while. Some even thought of deciphering the meaning of the words ‘unknown’ and ‘secret’ of the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

They had already forgotten about Night Whisper, who had just caused a stir.

Coupled with the extraordinary auspicious phenomenon in the heavens and the earth, Li Yu’s name on top seemed particularly dazzling, mysterious, and phenomenal.

Those geniuses on the rankings seemed to be mere mortals compared to Li Yu.

They were all too ordinary as it did not matter what cultivation, background, or monstrous talent they had.

Only number one was the real main character.

 Chapter 102: Qingyun Sect at the Center of the Universe


“Unknown cultivation level? Isn’t this number one too strange?” The Night Soul Lord frowned.

He felt complicated and miserable. As if there was something stuck in his heart.

He was already unconvinced that Night Whisper was ranked second.

Thus, he guessed that the cultivation realm of the first place was probably close to Night Whisper. Perhaps he was only slightly ahead in power level and potential and had barely won against Night Whisper.

This way, he would feel better.

In the end, Li Yu’s cultivation level was unknown?

The part that was covered was the most intriguing. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The unknown was the most terrifying.

The phenomenon’s appearance and the abnormality of the rewards seemed to imply that this ‘unknown’ was hiding a shocking secret.

“Who is this Li Yu?” The Night Soul Lord was curious.

Night Whisper was similarly curious. Her alluring brows knit together while she looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings with a complicated expression.

The Qingyun Sect. Li Yu.

2

Night Whisper muttered in her mind.

Although she was also filled with questions and confusion about Li Yu’s cultivation and power level, she was more concerned about the gap separating them.

She was not afraid of losing the ranking, nor did she care.

However, she didn’t even know how she had lost and how much the other party was ahead. This troubled her, and it was something she could not get over.

Ihave to find out what this unknown represents.

Night Whisper pondered while her pupils constricted slightly, and a competitive spirit she’d never felt before arose.

“This first place is indeed extraordinary. For the Heavenly Dao Rankings to produce such an auspicious phenomenon for him, this child is definitely extraordinary. This unknown cultivation level means that he’s so special that it exceeded our understanding, Even the Heavenly Dao Rankings are stumped

to the point of not knowing how to evaluate his cultivation. They don’t even know what to reward him with, and… Forget it. I can’t make up this story anymore…”

“Could this be the special treatment given to the first on the Heavenly Dao Rankings? Apart from the grand phenomenon, it also conceals your cultivation level and rewards?”

“But what’s the point of that? The cultivation level and rewards of the previous ranks have already been announced. What’s the point of concealing his?”

“Perhaps it’s because his cultivation is too high, and the Heavenly Dao Rankings are afraid of demoralizing the rest of the prodigies, so they directly named it the unknown!”

“Night Whisper is already in the early stage of the Mahayana Realm. No matter how strong this Li Yu is, could he have already become an immortal?”

“L guess it’s possible!”

“Even so, immortals can be classified into different realms!”

“Who cares? The Heavenly Dao has its own will. We can’t understand the world of experts!”

“Has no one noticed that the first and last place have the same names?”2

Some people also shifted their gaze and checked the person at the bottom of the ranking.

The last was Li Yu, and the first was also Li Yu.

It might be fate after all.

Inside the Clear Void Holy Land, Perfected Taiqing and the elders were equally shocked.

“It’s really Li Yu!”

“This child is actually stronger than Night Whisper!”

“Perhaps he has the upper hand in terms of potential, and their cultivation levels are similar!”

“But why is his cultivation unknown? This is too strange! And his rewards are a secret! What’s going on?”

At this moment, no one could avoid speaking about the word ‘unknown.’

This word would probably be stuck in their minds for a long time.

Li Yu is indeed extraordinary! Duan Tianming was shocked.

He knew that Li Yu was powerful, and he had even expected Li Yu to clinch first place after announcing the second place.

However, as the dust settled, Duan Tianming was still in deep shock after seeing the grand phenomenon in the sky, Li Yu’s unknown cultivation level, and the secret rewards.

Li Yu’s power level had already surpassed his imagination.

He had witnessed and experienced that sword slash that day with his own eyes.

That ordinary sword seemed to contain the power of law, so powerful that it seemed capable of severing everything.

At that time, he was not sure if he was not knowledgeable enough to know what sword technique Li Yu had used.

Now, it seemed to confirm his first impression. That sword strike contained the laws of the Great Dao.

Li Yu could no longer be described as a prodigy. He could no longer be measured using usual knowledge.

That was probably the reason why his cultivation level was unknown!

It’s good that Li Qingyun has already let go of the hatred from the past. Otherwise, if my Clear Void Holy Land had such a terrifying enemy, we’re goners! Duan Tianming felt a lingering fear.

1

‘As Li Yu ascended to the top of the rankings, besides surprising the members of the various Holy Lands, they heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, this last person wasn’t a member of the fiend sects.

Although the Seven Holy Lands had more or less lost their faces today, they were fortunate to retain the fig leaf of orthodox sects.

At the moment, the Kings of the Netherworld Cult recovered from their shock and couldn’t help but discuss it again.

“although I don’t know why the Heavenly Dao Rankings would conceal this kid’s cultivation and rewards. Based on the various evidence, this kid is surely out of this world. Even an unprecedented genius like Night Whisper could only be ranked second, so this obviously shows how terrifying Li Yu is!”

“Sigh, who would have thought that the top would still be seized by the orthodox sects? In that case, the prodigy rankings would barely be 50-50!”

“Eh? Don’t say that. Perhaps the Qingyun Sect is also a sect in our demonic path! Plus, even if their sect is an orthodox sect, Li Yu might not always be part of one!”

“That’s right, that’s right. Who said Li Yu can’t become a member of our Netherworld Cult? I happen to have a daughter…”

1

“Hold on. I have not just a daughter, but I also have a granddaughter who’s as beautiful as a fairy. Her beauty would overthrow a kingdom…”

“How did you know Li Yu would be interested in your daughters? What if…”

2

The Endless Sea, Thousand Dragon Island.

The appearance of Night Whisper and Li Yu shocked Long Zhi for a long time, especially Li Yu.

That unknown cultivation almost caused hundreds of millions of brain cells to die.

“I never thought that the human race would have a young talent in the Mahayana Realm. Although I don’t know what Li Yu’s cultivation level is, he must be at least in the early stage of the Mahayana Realm!” Long Zhi said in a deep voice.

Previously, he thought that the highest among the human elites was only in the Tribulation realm. He did not expect two serious fellows to appear.

It seemed that the fate of the human race was not over yet.

“That’s right. Looks like there are still some powerful fellows in the human race. However, our demon race is bound to be stronger in this generation!” A voice cut from ice sounded.

At the same time, a tall and graceful figure appeared out of thin air beside Long Zhi. It was the third princess of the Azure Dragon Clan, Long Yue.

“Third Sister, you’re out of seclusion!” Long Zhi looked at Long Yue in surprise. He could sense the difference in her aura and could not help smiling in excitement. “Third Sister, you’ve also entered the Mahayana Realm!”

“Yes!” Long Yue smiled calmly.

“Congratulations, Third Sister. I think our Azure Dragon Clan will shine in the Sons of Heaven Rankings later!” Long Zhi sounded thrilled.

“Don’t get ahead of yourself for the time being!” Another deep voice sounded, and a handsome and majestic man in armor appeared in the sky.

“Big Brother, you’re back! How was your trip?” Long Zhi cupped his hands.

This man was none other than the top prodigy of the Azure Dragon Race’s current generation—Long Ao. He was at the middle stage of the Mahayana Realm and had fused with a dragon pearl and two azure dragon bones.

His strength was definitely enough to thrash all the elites of the human race.

In Long Zhi’s opinion, his older brother was the number one prodigy in the world, and the top of the Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings would belong to Long Ao.

“It’s going smoothly. Congratulations on entering the Mahayana Realm, Sister. The Demon ranking is about to begin. Father called us over,” replied Long Ao.

“alright!” Long Zhi and Long Yue flew up together and followed Long Ao to the Dragon Palace.

“Big Brother, there should be an additional reward for the first place on the demon rankings. Also, this auspicious scene will surely gather in the sky of our Thousand Dragon Island too!”

“Thope so, but don’t celebrate too early. The current Young Master of the Nine-Headed Lion Race—Xin Ba—and the Golden Feather Race’s current prodigy, Zha Zha Hui. Their level isn’t inferior to mine, so the competition for the rankings today will probably be intense! I can’t say for sure who will win the

top spot!” Long Ao reminded Long Zhi.

The current new generation of the various large demon races was loaded with prospects other than the Nine-Headed Lion Race and the Golden Feather Race.

For example, the Eight-Armed Holy Ape Clan, the Phoenix Race, the Nine-Headed Snake Clan, and the Demon Fox Clan had produced monstrous geniuses.

There might even be hidden ancient remnant beasts, so Long Ao did not dare to guarantee that he could claim the throne of the demon race’s top prodigy.

In the Great Xia Dynasty, Li Yu’s matter made the entire Great Xia Dynasty celebrate.

Everyone in the Great Xia Dynasty, who had already experienced the repeated hammering from the Hidden Dragon Rankings, the 3000 Physique Rankings, and the Divine Weapon Rankings, was not surprised by Li Yu topping the rankings again. Instead, they found it routine.

They shared a similar thought. “Foolish foreigners, you’re not worthy of knowing our Li Yu’s true power! You know nothing about the Heavenly Dao Rankings’ favoritism towards Li Yu! He had received additional rewards all the time!”

3

At the moment, the disciples in the Qingyun Sect were bursting with jubilation for a long while.

After today, the Qingyun Sect would definitely make a name in the world. In the future, it might really surpass those Holy Lands.

However, Li Qingyun, Tang Chi, Ye Qiu, Ji Qinglan, Gu Yugi, Ji Wanjie, and Su Mu stared at Li Yu, who was bathed in the golden light.

The curiosity brimming in their eyes was about to overflow.

‘They were eager to know what rewards the Heavenly Dao Rankings had given him this time.

At that moment, the Blood Spirit Monarch cursed in his mind.

Are the Heavenly Dao Rankings intentionally targeting me? Why would they hide Li Yu’s cultivation?

The Blood Spirit Monarch hoped to see what realm Li Yu was in to understand what cultivation level he needed to reach to defeat him.

In the end, nothing came out of the Heavenly Dao Rankings. He felt he was getting a heart attack.

“In any case, it looks like Li Yu is at least in the early stage of the Mahayana Realm, or even higher. This kid is just ridiculous. I think I have to at least cultivate to the peak of the Mahayana Realm!” The Blood Spirit Monarch suddenly felt despair.

On this trip to the Lingtian Mystic Realm, I must try my best to break through to the peak of the Mahayana Realm!

After a moment, the golden light that enveloped Li Yu slowly vanished.

However, Li Yu’s body remained radiant, and his elegance became even more predominant.

The female disciples, Tang Ling’er and Meng Xuegj’s eyes began to sparkle.

However, no one read too much into it. They thought that the Heavenly Dao Rankings had improved Li Yu’s aptitude to become even more powerful.

They were more interested in the additional reward.

“Senior Brother, can you shed some light?” Tang Chi asked the question that everyone wanted to know with a grin.

“It’s not convenient!” Li Yu waved his hand.

What am I supposed to say? That the Heavenly Dao Rankings multiplied my charisma and elegance by ten times?

1

Li Yu felt a headache coming up.

Is my body really so overpowered that even the Heavenly Dao Rankings don’t know what to upgrade?

And they only improve such superficial and useless stuff!

Luckily the Heavenly Dao Rankings made the rewards a secret. Otherwise, it’s too embarrassing.

The others improved their aptitude, comprehension, soul, and luck. While my charm and elegance improved.

Iwas one step away from a public execution!

“Sigh…” Tang Chi sighed helplessly. He probably could not sleep tonight.

Seeing that Li Yu did not want to speak, everyone naturally kept quiet.

However, Li Qingyun could not help it. He immediately pulled Li Yu aside into the main hall.

“Yu’er, tell me, what kind of reward did you obtain this time?”

“The immortal spring!”

“Immortal spring?” Li Qingyun’s eyes widened, and his face was filled with surprise. “Hahaha, as expected of my son. This Heavenly Dao reward is as crazy as you!”

Although Li Qingyun had never seen an actual immortal spring, he had some knowledge of it.

He had heard in the past that it was spring water that only existed in the Immortal Domain, and it contained dense immortal energy.

The immortal energy contained in a teacup of the spring was equivalent to the benefits of refining and absorbing the spirit energy from a million spirit stones for a cultivator.

The immortal energy and spirit energy were not on the same level.

It was like using ten thousand kilograms of cotton and ten thousand kilograms of stones dropping on the water surface. The waves produced were definitely not the same.

Furthermore, if there was enough immortal spring water for one to cultivate in it for a long time. One could even develop an immortal body and Dao fetus and become a powerful existence comparable to an immortal.

Hence, the immortal spring water was more valuable than the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree.

“How much immortal spring water did the Heavenly Dao Rankings reward you? A pot or a pool?” Li Qingyun asked Li Yu with a nervous expression.

It would be insane to obtain a pool of immortal spring water.

“A lake!” Li Yu articulated.

“Only a pot”? Sigh, but that’s fine. This pot is good enough!” Li Qingyun said with slight disappointment.

Li Yu smiled and said, “It’s not a teapot. It’s a reservoir kind of lake. My reward is the source of the immortal spring water, an endless supply!”


Li Yu’s words simply caused Li Qingyun’s face to bloom with laughter. That was an endless supply of immortal spring water.

This Heavenly Dao is practically closer to my son than his own father. This additional reward is simply earth-shattering.

Qingyun Sect was going to take off this time. With the Ancient Dao Luck Tree and the immortal spring lake, even a pig could become an immortal if it entered the Qingyun Sect.

“The Heavenly Dao Rankings are turning our Qingyun Sect into a true immortal’s holy land!” Li Qingyun exclaimed excitedly.

Li Yu smiled. The Heavenly Dao Rankings were not just turning the Qingyun Sect into a holy land. It might as well become the center of the universe!

Maybe a few more additional rewards from the rankings might turn the Qingyun Sect into the Qingyun Immortal Domain!

Chapter 103: I Knew Brother Li Yu was a God


Seeing Li Qingyun walk out of the hall with Li Yu, Tang Chi, Ye Qiu, and the others became even more curious about Li Yu’s additional reward.

The last time was the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree. They wondered what kind of incredible reward it would be this time.

“Don’t ask anymore. You’ll find out soon!” Li Qingyun saw the anticipation and curiosity in everyone’s eyes and gave them an answer with a smile.

After all, the immortal spring water was the same as the ancient tree. It was impossible to keep it hidden completely. Furthermore, these disciples were now the core members of the sect. This spring was for them to enjoy eventually.

They would ultimately become the top experts of the human race in the future and stand at the peak of this world.

As the dust settled on the Human Sons of Heaven Rankings, the Demon Rankings began its announcement of names. Everyone began to feel nervous. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

1

In the eyes of the humans, the demons were dissidents, enemies, and threats.

The demon race was even more terrifying than the threat of the Demon Sect. After all, people believed those who were not of the same race could not be trusted.

This was especially true for the commoners. Demons themselves represented fear and slaughter, calamity and destruction.

In the eyes of the orthodox sects, the demon race was an enemy of the Great Dao like the fiend sects, but it was a greater threat to the survival of the human race than the fiend sects.

If the demons flourished while the humans declined, the world would face a great calamity.

Although the demon race’s prosperity was already set in stone, the various Holy Lands and countless human cultivators wished to gain a comprehensive understanding of how powerful this generation of demons was through the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

The Grand Desolate Forest, Nine-Headed Lion Race’s territory, Golden Silk Mountain Range.

Today was the day the Nine-Headed Lion’s young master, Xin Ba, would undergo the baptism of his ancestor’s blood essence to enhance his bloodline power.

2

It was a sacred and solemn ceremony for the Nine-Headed Lion race. It was the appointment ceremony for the Young Master to officially become the future successor of the Chieftain.

Hence, the entire Golden Silk Mountain Range could be considered grand and lively.

However, they just so happened to encounter the descent of the Sons of Heaven Rankings today, which delighted the elders. They predicted it as an auspicious omen, and Xin Ba was the son of destiny.

“My son, Xin Ba, has the potential of an Immortal Emperor. In the future, he will surely become an unprecedented Immortal Emperor who will lead our race back to the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm! And today, the Sons of Heaven Rankings will bear witness to the day of the official emergence of my son.

And his name shall spread throughout the world!” The current Chieftain of the Nine-Headed Lion race, the Lion King Xin Teng, was filled with anticipation.

The ancestor of the Nine-Headed Lion race was once an immortal race in the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm. Due to some incidents, their race was almost wiped out, and less than ten percent of their strength remained.

They were forced to leave the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm and become a demon faction in the lower realm.

After countless years, they were finally revitalized and were on par with the Azure Dragon Race.

Now they even had a peerless genius like Xin Ba, who had a mutation in his bloodline and possessed a trace of the divine beast, the Suan Ni.

Therefore, Xin Ba was definitely the best prodigy in the history of the Nine-Headed Lion race.

1

No one could likely compete with him, even among the geniuses across the entire demon race.

Furthermore, after Xin Ba had received the baptism of his ancestor’s blood essence today, his bloodline power would advance to another level, and his strength could improve as well.

Thus, Xin Ba could definitely contend for the top spot on the Demon Rankings. It could even be said it was a guaranteed spot.

“Not bad. The first place on the rankings will actually be given such treatment. There will be a natural phenomenon and additional reward!” Xin Ba stroked his long golden hair and commented proudly.

He believed he had reserved the top spot.

He knew that other demon races had produced genius in this generation.

However, he still had absolute confidence in becoming the first on the Demon Rankings.

He desired for everyone to see his name at the top.

He expected to obtain the additional reward from the Heavenly Dao Rankings. He wanted the Heavenly Dao Rankings to bestow upon him a similar auspicious scene.

His Ancestral Worship Ceremony and Bloodline Baptism Ceremony would then be considered perfect.

The Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings had begun its announcement. The majority of the demon geniuses on the rankings were from the Azure Dragon Clan, the Nine-Headed Lion Race, the Phoenix Bird Race, the Golden Feather Clan, the Holy Ape Clan, the Demon Fox Clan, the Hydra Clan, and a few

other demons.

There were also some demons on the rankings who cultivated from ordinary beasts through opportunities and fortuitous encounters.

However, the demon elites on the ranking were clearly one minor realm higher than those in the same ranking as humans.

This weighed on the hearts of the human cultivators. The cruel reality of the human elites being inferior to the demon elites was presented before them through the rankings.

Many people began to panic. Another storm was inevitable between the humans and the demons in the future.

Compared to the terrified hearts of many cultivators, the Qingyun Sect was filled with joy.

Li Qingyun used this Demon Ranking to start a lesson for the disciples.

He explained the knowledge of the various demons in detail, including the current situation in the world.

In fact, without the Demon Rankings, most of these disciples would not have known which demons were powerful enough to match the various Holy Lands of the human race.

The strongest demons they ever knew were probably great demons like Shi Potian and the Black Sea Mystic Flood Dragon.

Therefore, the Demon Rankings were an eye-opener for them. Li Qingyun took this opportunity to give his disciples a lesson on natural biology.

On the other hand, Li Yu pondered where to place the Immortal Spring.

It was not that Li Yu was too impatient. He was simply worried that he had to pee shortly.

The Heavenly Dao Rankings have done it again.

It actually sent the source of the Immortal Spring into his kidney.

He had previously excreted the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree. This time, he had no choice but to urinate out the Immortal Spring.

4

After wandering around the back mountain for a long time, he did not find a suitable spot. He finally decided to modify the small pond his family used to water their vegetable garden in the past.

After all, this place was close to the spirit herb garden and his residence.

The Immortal Spring could nourish the surrounding landscape, and it could also benefit the spirit herb garden.

It was also convenient for Shan Ruoshui to obtain water and use the spring for cultivation. Otherwise, there was no other suitable spot. He could not just put it in a public location.

Li Yu called the purple lightning flood dragon over so it could drink up the water in the pool before he expanded it by four to five times.

“Little Purple, you may leave.”

The purple lightning flood dragon quickly returned to the foot of the mountain to rest in the forest.

As for Li Yu, he waited beside the empty pond for a long time. When he sensed it, he peed the Source of the Immortal Spring out of his body.

As the Source of the Immortal Spring fell into the pond, a seemingly endless spring water appeared out of thin air as it rapidly filled the expanded pond.

The dry pond moments ago was filled with crystal clear spring water in the blink of an eye. There was also a spring mouth at the bottom that kept spewing out the spring water.

Rich immortal energy instantly pervaded, forming a layer of faint mist that enveloped the pond.

At the same time, all the plants around the pond instantly grew at a visible speed.

The ground around the pond was instantly covered by strange flowers and herbs. The green leaves seemed to have become emeralds that emitted a faint halo.

Some trees bloomed with gorgeous flowers as if they were welcoming a new spring. The trees also kept growing taller into towering trees. Their leaves seemed to be filled with specks of starlight, glistening in an other-worldly fashion.

The orange cat enjoying the cool air on the grass near the spirit herb garden witnessed this scene.

1

It widened its eyes once again and exclaimed secretly.

I knew that Brother Li Yu was a god! A real one! He shat out a divine tree last time. Now, his pee turns into a pool of water!

Meow? This dense spirit energy… No, it doesn’t seem to be spirit energy. It feels more comfortable than spirit energy. Damn, this water is definitely not ordinary. Oh meow! It made the surrounding plants grow so much. It’s unbelievable!

The orange cat took a deep breath of the aura emitted by the spring water and instantly felt its soul sublimate.

After seeing Li Yu leave, the orange cat rushed to the side of the pond and smelled the spring water. It refreshed the cat’s heart, so it immediately gulped down a few mouthfuls.2

After the spring water entered its stomach, the orange cat could sense how special the spring water was. Plop! The cat jumped into the water and took a bath while drinking.

Li Yu went to the spirit herb garden and found Shan Ruoshui. He told her about the spring and handed its management over to her.

Shan Ruoshui was naturally overjoyed upon learning that the reward Li Yu obtained was the Immortal Spring.

With this spring, she could grow more precious spirit plants in the future and even some natural herbs.

Furthermore, she could also use the spring to cultivate, allowing her cultivation and capability to improve rapidly.

At the moment, the Heavenly Dao Rankings had already been announced until tenth place.

Demon Rankings # 10: Long Zhi

Cultivation: Tribulation Middle Stage

Origin: Azure Dragon Race

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 200%, Purity of Bloodline increases by 30%.

“It’s the Azure Dragon Race again. This generation of the Azure Dragon Race is filled with geniuses!”

“After all, the Azure Dragon Race is the strongest race of the demon race with the longest history. Their heritage cannot be matched by other demons!”

“Also, it’s said that the Azure Dragon Clan had obtained the Azure Dragon Emperor’s Scripture in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm. This might be why they had so many geniuses in this new generation of the Azure Dragon Race!”

“The demon clan’s tenth place is already at the middle stage of the Tribulation Realm, a major realm higher than the human race! Looks like the top ten of the demon rankings will be getting extremely intense!”

“Sigh… this ranking is worrying for us. The demon prodigies of this generation are too powerful!”

“The rankings have completely exposed the decline of the human race. The fact that the demon race is prospering would mean that humanity will suffer in the future!”

The cultivators of the various Holy Lands discussed the Demon Rankings with a miserable feeling.

It was like a mountain pressing down on everyone’s hearts.

Every time a new name was announced on the rankings, that mountain felt heavier.

Demon Rankings # 9: Bai Su

Cultivation: Tribulation Middle Stage

Origin: Hydra Clan

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 200%, Purity of Bloodline increases by 30%.

Demon Rankings # 8: Benbo’erba

Cultivation: Tribulation Late Stage

Origin: Eight-Armed Holy Ape Clan

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 200%, Purity of Bloodline increases by 40%.

Demon Rankings # 7: Gu Yue

Cultivation: Tribulation Late Stage

Origin: Nine-tailed Demon Fox Clan.

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 200%, Purity of Bloodline increases by 40%.

Demon Rankings # 6: Qianyu

Cultivation: Tribulation Peak Stage

Origin: Golden Feather Race

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 200%, Soul Strength increases by 200%, Purity of Bloodline increases by 50%.

Demon Rankings # 5: Long Yue

Cultivation: Mahayana Early Stage

Origin: Azure Dragon Race

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 300%, Soul Strength increases by 300%, Purity of Bloodline increases by 60%.

“Congratulations, Third Sister!”

In the Dragon Palace on the Thousand Dragon Island. Long Zhi cupped his hands at Long Yue.

“Congratulations, little sister!”

“Congratulations, third princess!” Long Ao and the dragon elders also cupped their hands to praise her.

“Sigh, I’m only ranked fifth. What’s there to congratulate me about?” Long Yue was a little disappointed. It was clear that the top five were all in the Mahayana Realm.

Meanwhile, he was only at the bottom of the Mahayana Realm, so there was really nothing to be happy about.

“The fifth place on the Demon Rankings is equivalent to the top two on the Human’s Rankings. Wouldn’t that make you feel better?” Long Ao smiled.

“No!” Long Yue folded her arms and replied defiantly, “I’ll see who else is ranked ahead of me besides Big Brother. I’ll overcome all of them.”

As they spoke, the latest name on the rankings got announced.

Demon Rankings # 4: Zha Zha Hui

Cultivation: Mahayana Early Stage

Origin: Golden Feather Race

“It’s that guy from the Golden Feather Race. He’s also in the early stage of the Mahayana Realm. Why is he ahead of me? Humph!” Long Yue was unconvinced.

“T’ve fought Zha Zha Hui before. He’s pretty strong, but don’t worry, little sister. You’ve just entered the Mahayana Realm. With your talent, it won’t be long before you surpass Zhan Hui!” Long Ao assured.

“Eine, Big Brother, you have to be careful too. I might surpass you one day!” Long Yue gave a grin.

“Alright, your Big Brother will await that day!” Long Ao smiled. He naturally wished to see his brothers and sisters rise up.

So that the dragon race could become the overlord of this world and surpass the human race.

In the future, they would bring their entire race back to the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm and become immortals again.

“Hurry up and announce Big Brother’s first place. I’m still waiting to see what additional rewards the Heavenly Dao Rankings will award you!” Long Zhi laughed.

“Yeah, that’s right. We’re still waiting to see that wonderful scene where auspicious clouds gather again!” His other brothers and sisters echoed.

They were looking forward to seeing Long Ao ascend to the top of the rankings. They wanted to know what the additional reward for the top rank was.

Demon Rankings # 3: Zi Yuan

Cultivation: Mahayana Middle Stage

Origin: Ancient Remnant Seed

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 400%, Soul Strength increases by 400%, Purity of Bloodline increases by 70%.

Demon Rankings # 2: Long Ao

Cultivation: Mahayana Middle Stage

Origin: Azure Dragon Race

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 400%, Soul Strength increases by 400%, Purity of Bloodline increases by 80%.

“Second place? How could this be…”

Everyone’s expression switched.

Obviously, this outcome was beyond their expectations, a huge upset.

“My son isn’t first. Xin Ba does seem to live up to his reputation. This boy should have the divine beast bloodline, and the purity is extremely high! Otherwise, my son would never have lost to this fellow after fusing the dragon pearl and the dragon bones!”

The Dragon Lord, Long Tiancang, frowned as a complicated glint flashed through his eyes.

The Nine-Headed Lions were definitely a demon race on par with the Azure Dragons. Moreover, they originated from the Immortal Race of the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm. Their foundation and bloodline were undeniable.

“Father, elders, I’m heading into seclusion. I’ll come out when the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm opens!” Long Ao looked at Long Tiancang and the elders as he cupped his hands.

Although no emotion could be seen on his face, anyone could tell that he was upset.

After all, the best genius wouldn’t accept losing to anyone.

Chapter 104: Heavenly Dao Was Biased? Xin Ba Was Unconvinced


Compared to the disappointment of the Azure Dragons, the Nine-Headed Lions were celebrating.

Xin Ba was clearly claiming the first place.

Today was really the auspicious day for their Nine-Headed Lion race.

Their young master, Xin Ba, was truly the hope of their race returning to the immortal domain.

“My son did not disappoint our race after all!” Lion King Xin Teng laughed heartily, and the elders could not close their mouths in laughter too.

Xin Ba stood tall in the center of attention. He was wearing golden armor. Coupled with his long golden hair, he looked as if he was cast from gold, noble and remarkable.

That mighty and domineering figure emitted golden light under the sunlight.

A confident smile remained on his face as if he were invincible. His eyes were focused on the Heavenly Dao Rankings as he waited for the moment of glory that belonged to him.

He waited for the Heavenly Dao Rankings to honor him with the phenomenon of the heavens and the earth and the additional reward that belonged to the first place.

Today, he, Xin Ba, was the most dazzling prodigy in the world. Even the human Li Yu was not worthy of competing with him.

At the same time, countless human cultivators and members of the various demon races held their breaths as they stared at the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

They were also curious about who the top young demon was.

They were even more curious about whether the Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings would hide the cultivation level and rewards.

Would another phenomenon appear? Would he obtain additional rewards?

At this moment, a golden light flourished on the Heavenly Dao Rankings. Rows of golden light gathered at the top of the Demon Rankings, and rows of golden characters condensed.

Demon Rankings #1: Xin Ba

Cultivation: Mahayana Middle Stage

Origin: Nine-Headed Lion Race

Reward: Enlightenment and Aptitude increase by 400%, Soul Strength increases by 400%, Purity of Bloodline increases by 90%.

The phenomenon many expected did not occur.

The announcement of the first on the Demon Rankings seemed to be the same as the previous geniuses. There was nothing special about it.

There were no additional rewards or concealed cultivation levels.

Upon seeing this, the various Holy Lands and human cultivators could not help but smile.

Apparently, it was not the special treatment given to the top of the rankings, but it was only given to Li Yu by the Heavenly Dao.

The worldly phenomenon, the concealing of cultivation level and awards, the additional reward.

All of this was exclusive to Li Yu and not for anyone in the top spot.

This was rather intriguing. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Was Li Yu’s cultivation level really unknown? Or is he too powerful that the Heavenly Dao Rankings are intentionally concealing the fact?

In that case, the secret reward must be shocking and distinct from the rest.

Moreover, the Heavenly Dao Rankings bestowed an additional reward to Li Yu, and it even gave such a miraculous and auspicious phenomenon.

All these signs pointed out that Li Yu’s uniqueness was not only due to his incredible power level. Perhaps everything about him was unthinkable, to begin with.

At the thought of this, the human cultivators relieved their repressed emotions and heavy hearts.

Although the elites on the Demon Rankings were generally better than most humans on the Human Rankings, Li Yu alone was enough to surpass all the geniuses of the demon race.

Li Yu’s greatness was something not a single elite of the demon race could compare.

“Hahaha, the Nine-Headed Lions are probably still waiting for the natural phenomenon and additional rewards!”

“Ha. We thought that was the special treatment for the top. I believe the demons think so too. I’m afraid they’re disappointed!”

“Looks like Li Yu is really something else!”

“My curiosity is piqued. I really want to know who Li Yuis.”

“That’s right, this kid is definitely not an ordinary human. I really hope to see the man himself one day!”

“Yep. I just don’t know where the Qingyun Sect is and who Li Yu is. Logically speaking, such an extraordinary person should have been well known long ago, so how could no one know about him!?”

“He probably didn’t come out of secrecy, so no one knows about it naturally. He might not even be sixty years old!”

“speaking of which, it’s fortunate that the human race has a prodigy like Li Yu. Otherwise, the demon race would have really stolen the limelight this time!”

“Hehe, I really want to see the expressions of the demons from the Nine-Headed Lion race. It must be exciting!”

At the moment, the atmosphere in the Nine-Headed Lion’s territory was indeed a little strange. Their Young Master had clearly obtained the top position on the rankings, and it was supposed to be a joyous occasion for the entire race.

However, the young master’s expression was so dark that it was somewhat terrifying, Even the Lion King and the elders had grim faces.

They did not know whether to congratulate their young master or keep quiet. In short, they looked at each other with strange expressions.

They knew it was all because the situation of Young Master’s top position was very different from the human Li Yu.

What is so special about this little Li Yu? Why did he have a phenomenon to welcome his top position? And he can even obtain an additional reward? Is the Heavenly Dao favoring humans?

Xin Ba’s two blond eyebrows were pressed together as he looked at the Demon Rankings that had already been finalized with disappointment. He could not accept this outcome.

Although he had clinched the first place on the rankings, he could not cheer up at all.

The difference between him and Li Yu was simply the difference between the heavens and the earth.

Li Yu had a natural phenomenon’s welcome and an additional reward. While his reception was ordinary, which severely damaged his pride.

Xin Ba was not alone. Lion King Xin Teng and the rest of the elders had complicated feelings too. They had not expected the outcome either.

How could the top of the human race be so different from the top of the demon race?

Comparisons were the worst. If the Human Rankings did not stand out, they would probably be overjoyed.

However, in comparison, it made Xin Ba’s top spot seem no different from the 100th place.

More importantly, this proved that this human, Li Yu, was indeed something special.

The thought that the Heavenly Dao Rankings were biased never came into their mind, and there could only be one reason why Li Yu was given such treatment.

Li Yu was different from all the other geniuses on the rankings, and he was countless times more outstanding than all of them.

This was still unbelievable.

The humans might have a Human Sovereign in the making!

Lion King Xin Teng was shaken up. Thinking back to the phenomenon and auspicious scene, he increasingly felt that his guess was not far off.

Only the Human Sovereign was worthy of such a phenomenon.

He once thought that the decline of the human race would usher in the era of the demon race’s hegemony. Yet, he never expected that a Human Sovereign would be born.

Is this going to change the big picture again? Is the human race going to prosper again?

At the moment, Dragon King Long Tiancang and the various demon races had the same idea as Lion King Xin Teng. They were all feeling heavy-hearted.

With the emergence of such an extraordinary genius, the human race would likely shine in this era again.

Chapter 105: Gathering of the Factions


‘The Immortal Spring at the back mountain of the Qingyun Sect. Li Qingyun looked at the spring and was so excited as if he had found water in the desert. He was just short of diving in to drink his fill.

“It’s the real Immortal Spring! Just the immortal energy it emits is enough to make me feel reborn!” Li Qingyun took a deep breath and immediately felt as if spring rain was moistening all things, and even his soul was about to sublimate.

That’s true relaxation!

He could not wait as he lay by the pool and gulped down a few mouthfuls of spring water.

“Ha.

“It’s too delicious! Yu’er, come over and have a taste too!” Li Qingyun waved his hand.

“Tm not thirsty. Just take your time and drink more.” Li Yu waved to decline.

He would not drink it even if he had to die. If Li Qingyun knew where this spring water came from, he probably would not be able to drink it either.

Li Qingyun did not bother about Li Yu as he lowered his head and gulped down continuously.

It was the Immortal Spring, after all. One drop was already incomparably precious. More importantly, there were not many drops in the entire Immortal Martial World.

If not for Li Yu, he would never have had the chance to drink to his heart’s content.

If the Holy Lands knew that their Qingyun Sect had such a pool of water, their souls would probably fly out in envy.

Li Qingyun drank for a while and felt a little stuffed. He then stood up and burped.

The rich immortal energy in his body began to roam his meridians and bones.

It nourished his organs, muscles, bones, meridians, and dantian, allowing the spirit energy in his dantian to undergo a qualitative transformation.

“With this spring, your father will return to the peak in a few days. When you return from the Lingtian Mystic Realm, I might already be in the Mahayana Realm!” Li Qingyun announced excitedly.

“Is this spring water that miraculous?”

“Of course. It’s the Immortal Spring we’re talking about, and it’s a precious resource even in the Immortal Domain. Like the spirit stone mine in our mortal world, this spring is usually in the hands of those major powers in the Immortal Domain. Ordinary immortals can’t drink it as freely as we can!” Li

Qingyun explained.

He had heard this from his elders in the past and did not know if it was true. At least in this Immortal Martial World, the Immortal Spring was an unparalleled treasure.

“Oh yes, call Tang Chi, Ye Qiu, and the others here soon. Everyone should grab a few buckets to drink. In the next few days, they should be able to improve significantly. This way, they’ll be safer in the Lingtian Mystic Realm!” Li Qingyun added.

“Sure! I’l call them over now!” Li Yu nodded and called for Tang Chi, Ye Qiu, Gu Yugi, and the rest of the ten genius disciples.

‘When the few of them arrived at the Immortal Spring, they immediately sensed something extraordinary about the spring water. They guessed that it was the additional reward from the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

However, they did not know anything about it since Li Yu told them not to ask questions.

Regardless, Elder Nie had seen the spring water before, and his excited voice reverberated in Ji Qinglan’s ear. “Immortal Spring! It’s actually the Immortal Spring! The reward for Li Yu on the Heavenly Dao Rankings is actually that! This is unimaginable. Li Yu is a person blessed by the heavens. They have

rewarded him with the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree and now the Immortal Spring. They’re going to forge the Qingyun Sect into an immortal family’s holy land!”

Hearing Elder Nie’s words, Ji Qinglan was also incomparably shocked.

Although he did not know what the Immortal Spring was, it was not difficult to tell from Elder Nie’s voice and the spring’s name that it was definitely a precious treasure even in the Immortal Domain.

“Hahaha. The Immortal Spring has the effect of nurturing the soul. My remnant soul finally has a chance to recover! Qinglan, please ask Li Yu for more spring water!” pleaded Elder Nie.

Ji Qinglan nodded.

“In the next few days, you can drink as much as you want. You can also use it as your bathwater. This spring water can enhance your body. Anyway, you better improve your cultivation as much as possible before entering the Lingtian Mystic Realm!” Li Yu requested.

In any case, the spring was inexhaustible, so he could not care about wastage.

Hearing Li Yu’s instructions, joy surfaced on everyone’s faces. The usually unsmiling Ji Qinglan beamed as Elder Nie’s remnant soul could smoothly recover.

The ten genius disciples began to use the spring to cultivate madly in the next few days.

Elder Nie’s remnant soul was also slowly recovering under the nurturing of the spring water.

Days passed, and the day of the Lingtian Mystic Realm’s opening arrived in the blink of an eye.

If not for Li Yu’s reminder, everyone would have forgotten about the time and immersed themselves in the joy of cultivating in the spring.

With the immortal energy from the spring, everyone’s cultivation level increased by a margin, and the person who improved the most was Gu Yugi.

After the Heavenly Dao Ranking reward enhanced his aptitude and soul, coupled with the immortal energy from the spring. Gu Yuqi’s ancient god’s bloodline had been further awakened, and his body began to transform. His cultivation advanced rapidly, crossing from the initial stage of the Soul

Formation Realm to the late stage.

His ranking on the Sons of Heaven Rankings had also gone from 19th to 15th, replacing the original 15th place Grand Primordium Holy Son Chang Hexiang.

‘The various prodigies had been cultivating and spending resources as if lives were on the line ever since the Human Rankings were announced. There had also been some changes in the rankings.

However, most of the changes were after 20th place in the rankings. Furthermore, it was often only a tiny improvement by one place.

It was the first where someone like Gu Yuqi in the top 20 advanced four places at once.

He had even surpassed the Holy Son of the Grand Primordium Holy Land at the Profound Void Martial Stage with his late-stage Soul Formation Stage cultivation.

It attracted the attention of many.

Especially since he was from Qingyun Sect, his name became more striking and made people more curious about the Qingyun Sect.

On the day of the mystic realm’s opening, Li Yu rode the Purple Lightning Flood Dragon to the Clear Void Holy Land with his ten junior brothers and sisters and Wu Chang.

On the way, Elder Nie talked about his relationship with the Clear Void Holy Land, which surprised Li Yu and the others.

He did not expect that Elder Nie was a good friend of the Clear Void Holy Land’s founder.

When Li Yu and the others arrived at the Clear Void Holy Land, the various factions of the Huaxia continent had also arrived.

Everyone was waiting in the two outer peaks of the Clear Void Holy Land. Once the Lingtian Mystic Realm opened, they would enter through the teleportation array in the Clear Void Holy Land.

The outer peaks were filled with noise and excitement.

However, wherever there were people, there was bound to be strife. Moreover, with the various factions gathered together, it was difficult for everything to be calm and peaceful.

‘The recent Sons of Heaven Rankings, in particular, made the prodigies of the various sects feel stifled.

Some of them with similar cultivation levels and rankings began sparring on the spot. It provided entertainment during the waiting time.

However, the main character today was still Li Yu. At this moment, most were talking about Li Yu and the Qingyun Sect.

“I didn’t expect the Qingyun Sect to be from the Great Xia Dynasty!”

“Yeah, if we didn’t hear it from Perfected Yu Hua, how could we have imagined that the person who spoke the mantras was Li Yu!”

“T’ve heard of all kinds of rumors. Some even said that it was the Primordial Dao Holy Son, Chu Yunhe. I didn’t expect it to be Li Yu! No wonder he obtained an auspicious indication on the day of the rankings and even got an extra reward!”

“Hmm, this should be the extra reward given by the Heavenly Dao Rankings after he spoke the mantras of the Great Dao!”

“[heard that the Qingyun Sect Master is the past Divine Firmament Holy Land’s Holy Son, Li Qingyun. Li Yu is Li Qingyun’s son!”

“Really? Li Qingyun’s son? No wonder Li Yu is such a freak. He really surpassed Li Qingyun. I heard that Li Qingyun was once an unprecedented genius with extraordinary strength in the past. I never expected that his son would be even more extraordinary!”

“Like father, like son!”

“What’s even more shocking is that Li Yu is only 17 years old. It’s startling to see him overcome the Holy Sons to ascend to the top at this age!”

“Only 17? His potential is amazing!”

“I just heard from the people of the Great Xia that Li Yu will be here today. I heard that the Clear Void Holy Land gave the Qingyun Sect ten spots!”

“Didn’t Li Qingyun have a grudge with the Clear Void Holy Land? The Clear Void Holy Land before us, and actually allowed the Qingyun Sect to enter the Lingtian Mystic Realm!”

“After all, Li Yu is the number one prodigy of the orthodox sects today. The grudges of the previous generation shouldn’t be extended to the next generation, right?”

“In my opinion, it’s all because Li Yu is outstanding enough. Otherwise, the Clear Void Holy Land wouldn’t have let bygones be bygones. Not only is Li Yu the number one prodigy of the human race, but he’s also the one who speaks the truths of the Great Dao. Tell me. Which Holy Land wouldn’t treat him

asa distinguished guest?”

“That’s right. The Clear Void Holy Land is not foolish. This child has a limitless future. Anyone with some foresight will naturally seek goodwill with him!”

“Hmm, is the Qingyun Sect here yet? I can’t wait to see the current number one prodigy himself!”

Chapter 106: A Room of Big Shots


At the moment, many inner sect disciples of the Clear Void Holy Land were gathered on the outer peak.

‘They rarely visit the outer peak on other days, and they’d gathered here for the sake of seeing Li Yu.

Li Qingyun and the Clear Void Holy Land could be said to have had great enmity back then.

However, to the younger generation of disciples, that calamity existed in legends.

Although they had heard of the story, it was difficult to relate.

Unlike the older generation, who held grudges and hated Li Qingyun to the bone, the past did not affect their respect for other people’s excellent aspects.

Furthermore, Li Qingyun and the Clear Void Holy Land were enemies of the previous generation, and Li Yu represented the new generation.

Therefore, these disciples hoped to see with their own eyes the boy who could utter the Great Dao’s mantra and become the number one prodigy of the human race.

This was especially true for some young female disciples filled with anticipation.

“Lheard from Senior Brother Qin that Li Yu’s strength is incredible, and his appearance and bearing are also extraordinary!”

“Hmm, regardless of appearance or class, Senior Brother Chu should have been the best and unmatched in the world. Li Yu must be extraordinary and outstanding to be ranked ahead of him!”

“The Sons of Heaven Rankings isn’t ranked based on looks and bearing. What if he’s ordinary-looking?”

“How is that possible? Someone who can top the rankings and speak the truths of the Great Dao must be extraordinary!”

“That’s right. An auspicious phenomenon descended from the heavens when he topped the rankings. This guy must have the image of an immortal!”

“I think you guys are just infatuated. Don’t be disappointed later!”

“Hmph, that’s right. In terms of looks, I think our Senior Brother is the best. Chu Yunhe is only bragging. Even if Li Yu is the top prodigy, he can’t compare to our Senior Brother.”

“Then what are you doing here? Didn’t you come to see the glory of the top genius too!”

“Ljust want to prove with my own eyes that Li Yu is inferior to Senior Brother Zhou!” The female disciples chattered non-stop.

Right at this moment, a dragon’s roar resounded through the sky, instantly drawing everyone’s attention.

‘The Purple Lightning Flood Dragon had already undergone significant changes under the nourishment of the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree. Its strength was comparable to the Profound Void Martial Stage, and its body became larger. It was increasingly similar to a true dragon.

It was as if a true dragon was flying over from the sky on purple lightning.

“It’s the Qingyun Sect!” The Clear Void Holy Land disciple patrolling in the air exclaimed.

“Tl inform Senior Brother Duan!” a disciple said and immediately flew to the main peak.

Duan Tianming had already instructed them that Li Yu should be riding the Purple Lightning Flood Dragon. If the Qingyun Sect arrived, they must inform him directly.

The flood dragon arrived above the Clear Void Holy Land’s outer peak in the blink of an eye. Everyone’s gaze gathered as their discussions intensified. Everyone sized up the purple lightning flood dragon as they wondered which faction had arrived.

However, no one could see the people standing on it since the flood dragon was in the air.

“are you from the Qingyun Sect?” The Clear Void Holy Land disciples in the air bowed respectfully with cupped hands while they curiously sized up the people standing on the dragon’s head.

Although they didn’t know Li Yu, they could recognize the top prodigy from his standing position and bearing.

‘They were also awed by Li Yu’s appearance and temperament.

Li Yu was indeed the number one prodigy of the human race. His bearing was extraordinary and peerless.

He seemed even more remarkable than their Holy Son.

‘The question attracted the crowd’s attention below, and a commotion instantly arose. Countless gazes gathered in the air, but they could only see the enormous body of the flood dragon, and they could not see Li Yu and the others.

“Indeed! Here are our tokens!” Li Yu had yet to finish his sentence when Ji Qinglan immediately pulled out the 11 tokens for the disciples to see.

“Okay, please wait a moment!” The disciple in the lead cupped his hands again.

At this moment, Duan Tianming flew over at high speed and arrived in a flash.

Seeing Li Yu, he cupped his hands with a smile. “Haha, Cultivator Li, we have met again!”

“ah, yes!” Li Yu put up a smile and cupped his hands in return.

“My master has already set up a banquet and is waiting for Cultivator Li. Our Holy Land has also prepared a resting place for your sect. Cultivator Li, please follow me!” Duan Tianming said with a smile.

Li Yu smiled slightly. He could not get used to the Clear Void Holy Land’s politeness.

Of course, he was not worried that the other party would set up an ambush for him. In his opinion, the Clear Void Holy Land was not that despicable.

“You’re too kind!” Li Yu cupped his hands and did not stand on ceremony. He rode the Purple Lightning Flood Dragon and followed Duan Tianming to the main peak.

‘As everyone from the Qingyun Sect followed Duan Tianming directly to the main peak of the Clear Void Holy Land, a commotion broke out among the people below. They were here to see Li Yu, but how could he fly away like that?

After arriving at the main peak, Duan Tianming started with a smile, “Cultivator Li, your mount will temporarily stay at the foot of the mountain. You and your fellow cultivators will follow me!”

“Sure!” Li Yu nodded, and he allowed the flood dragon to rest in the forest at the waist of the mountain while he brought his junior brothers to the main peak.

Many people were gathered on the main peak. They had rushed over to see Li Yu when they heard of his arrival.

Seeing Li Yu with their own eyes, everyone’s eyes brightened up, and they were stunned. Some young female disciples were even slightly infatuated.

Li Yu was like an exiled immortal. His appearance and bearing were spectacular. His body emitted a soft immortal glow, and there seemed to be a faint luminance of Dao fate circulating around him.

Duan Tianming called for a few disciples to bring the Qingyun Sect disciples to rest as he led Li Yu straight to a hall.

The hall was filled with guests. There were no empty seats, and more people stood behind those seats.

Li Yu did not know anyone in the room. The people sitting in the seats were obviously old. There were occasionally a few who looked relatively young. One thing was common across, they had the aura of authority.

It was clear that the people sitting here had deep backgrounds. They were probably the big shots of all the top factions in the Huaxia continent.

While the youth standing behind were probably the current prodigies of the various top factions.

At that moment, the gazes of everyone in the room gathered on Li Yu, and they sized him up with various expressions.

‘The older generation’s eyes were calm as water in an ancient well, and they did not reveal their emotions. Other than a few who had looks of admiration, the rest had practically no expression.

On the other hand, the young people behind them had shining eyes. Obviously, they were stunned by Li Yu’s demeanor.

After all, Li Yu had good looks, to begin with, and he possessed an extraordinary bearing. Coupled with the various buffs that the Heavenly Dao Rankings had bestowed upon him, he seemed like an immortal.

Duan Tianming cupped his hands and said, “Master, seniors, Cultivator Li Yu has arrived!”

“Hahaha, my young friend Li Yu, welcome to Clear Void Holy Land. Please have a seat!” Perfected Taiqing hurriedly stood up and welcomed him with a smile.

“Thank you for your hospitality!” Li Yu smiled and returned the greeting.

Duan Tianming quickly led Li Yu to a big square table on the side to sit.

He quickly retreated to the side of the hall and stood with his other senior brothers and sisters.

Although Li Yu’s seat was close to the end, the people sitting in the hall were clearly the bosses of the top factions in the Huaxia continent. Be it in terms of age, seniority, or status, they should be extraordinary.

In terms of strength, he could thrash all the old fellows in this room.

Nonetheless, they were barely worthy of sitting with him in terms of age and seniority.

Chapter 107 Beef

Like Li Yu had guessed, everyone in the hall possessed great status.

Other than the Clear Void Holy Lord, Perfected Tai Qing, a few Grand Elders, and a few others, the remaining people were basically the best experts of the current generation of the various top factions. They were the ones with the highest seniority.

For example, the person sitting in the VIP seat was Emperor Tianyun, and beside him were the old emperors of the Myriad Era Dynasty and the Fengtian Dynasty. The others were the sect masters of the various large sects and the ancestors of the top cultivation families in the Huaxia continent.

Even the new Emperor of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty, Emperor Hengyun, and the Holy Son of the Clear Void Holy Land, Zhou Yu, could only stand to the side and watch.

Therefore, the Clear Void Holy Land leaving a seat for Li Yu and inviting him to dine with the various factions’ ancestors and the Living Stone was definitely giving him enough face.

Of course, this was also because Li Yu was the one who spoke the Great Dao mantras, and he was worthy of the respect of these older generations.

“Alright, since everyone is here, the banquet shall begin officially!” Perfected Taiqing smiled.

Subsequently, a group of female disciples from the Clear Void Holy Land began to serve wine and dishes to the guests.

Meanwhile, Perfected Taiqing continued, “Young Friend Li Yu, it’s our first time meeting. You might not be familiar with everyone here, so let me introduce you!”

“Thank you!” Li Yu cupped his hands.

Perfected Taiqing smiled and began introducing the big shots. “This is the unprecedented legendary Emperor of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty, Emperor Tianyun. He’s also one of the ten peak Mahayana Realm experts of our human race!” After hearing Perfected Tai Qing’s introduction, Li Yu looked at the old man sitting in the VIP seat expressionlessly.

He remembered that was the old fellow who wanted to snatch Gu Yuqi’s Ancient God Body and hired an assassin from the Asura Hall.

The old man did look like a sage, but he did not expect him to be so evil.

After Li Yu told Li Qingyun about this Mo Wuhui, Li Qingyun speculated that it was definitely related to the Heavenly Fate Emperor. Li Qingyun had heard of Mo Wuhui, the top killer of the Asura Hall. Few could hire him.

Therefore, Li Yu did not have a good impression of Emperor Tianyun.

“Oh, so it’s Emperor Tianyun. Indeed, meeting in person is not as good as knowing through your reputation!” Li Yu remarked with a cold smile.

Everyone’s expression changed as they looked at Li Yu in confusion.

Did Li Yu use the wrong word?

He was someone who spoke the truths of the Great Dao. How could he make a mistake on such a simple thing?

Is this his first time meeting so many big shots that got him flurried? But he did not seem nervous at all.

His expression and tone were clearly intentional.

Li Yu actually said that Emperor Tianyun’s reputation precedes him? Is this kid crazy?

That was the current top human expert, the mighty Emperor Tianyun. He was a person that even the Clear Void Holy Land’s Grand Elder and Holy Lord had to respect.

And why did he say that about Emperor Tianyun? Maybe there was some sort of grudge between them? Logically speaking, they did not have any interaction before. Li Qingyun, on the other hand, had a grudge against the Clear Void Holy Land.

Perhaps he deliberately spoke rudely to ruin the Clear Void Holy Land’s banquet and embarrass Perfected Taiqing?

Everyone in the hall was about to have their heads burn as they imagined all kinds of absurd possibilities.

“Haha, I believe you are saying hearing the reputation is not as good as meeting in person, my young friend Li Yu!” Perfected Taiqing laughed dryly and tried to smooth things over.

However, he felt apprehensive. He did not expect Li Yu to be so direct.

He actually dared to insult Emperor Tianyun. As expected of Li Qingyun’s son, he’s really similar in this aspect. He’s simply someone who’s not afraid of even the heavens.

In fact, Perfected Taiqing was an understanding person. Perhaps others might not know, but he could more or less guess it. Li Yu should be hostile to Emperor Tianyun because of Gu Yuqi.

After Gu Yuqi’s Ancient God Body entered the Heavenly Dao Rankings, his sect was destroyed, and his whereabouts were unknown.

Although no one knew who did it, Perfected Taiqing had some speculations.

Hearing Li Yu’s words, he was more confident in his guess. Moreover, Perfected Taiqing sensed a trace of hostility, although Emperor Tianyun did not speak much when everyone was talking about Li Yu not long ago.

“Hahaha, that’s right. Our young friend Li Yu should be saying the opposite!” The elders of the Clear Void Holy Land hurriedly tried smoothing things over.

Li Yu did not explain further as a form of respect for Perfected Taiqing. After all, he should not mess with the other party’s hospitality.

Emperor Tianyun did not speak. No one could tell if he was happy or angry. He only gave Li Yu a meaningful look.

He was aware that Li Yu had said that on purpose, and he was intensely displeased inside. No one ever dared to speak to him in this manner before, and it was even done in public. The kid was simply fearless. If not for the fact that he did not want to lose the disposition of a great emperor, he would probably teach this brat a lesson personally.

He wanted to let him know that topping the Sons of Heaven Rankings did not equate to becoming the world’s best.

He wanted to let this frog in the well know what a true expert was.

In fact, Emperor Tianyun had guessed that Li Yu must have known about his plan to snatch Gu Yuqi’s physique.

However, he could not bother about it. This time, he must obtain Gu Yuqi’s body in the Lingtian Mystic Realm. The victor was king, and the losers were bandits. History was written by the victor. 

Perfected Taiqing hurriedly changed the topic and introduced the next person.

After that, Li Yu greeted each and every one of them. His tone was calm, and he spoke appropriately.

This confirmed everyone’s suspicions that Li Yu was not here to mess around. And he was only targeting Emperor Tianyun.

It was clear that they had beef. It was no wonder that Emperor Tianyun had always said that he wanted his grandson, Emperor Hengyun, to spar with Li Yu and test his cultivation level.

They did not expect such a big secret to be hidden at this banquet. It was truly unexpected.

“Li Yu is too awesome. He just dared to ridicule Emperor Tianyun in public. My word, I’m breaking out in a cold sweat!”

“Senior Brother, do you know what feud Emperor Tianyun has with Li Yu?”

“No idea. I’m confused too!”

Zhou Yu, Duan Tianming, and the rest of the Nine Orders of the Clear Void Holy Land whispered quietly with their divine senses.

“Li Yu sure is the number one prodigy. He doesn’t even put Emperor Tianyun in his eyes. I’m impressed by his boldness!”

“Why do I feel that Li Yu is a little rash? Offending Emperor Tianyun in public is not a wise move. He’s a top human expert in strength and influence, so Li Yu shouldn’t offend such an expert!”

“Hmph, so what? Li Yu’s cultivation is probably at least in the early stage of the Mahayana Realm or even higher. It might not be long before he’s on par with Emperor Tianyun. What’s there for him to be afraid of?” “He’s right. If Emperor Tianyun really had a grudge against Li Yu, I believe that even if Li Yu hadn’t said those just now, Emperor Tianyun wouldn’t have left in peace. Didn’t he mention that he wanted Emperor Hengyun to spar with Li Yu?”

“So that’s how it is. I thought Li Yu was just joking!” “Just wait and see. The show has only just begun!”

Duan Tianming and the others were excited to watch the show.

After Perfected Taiqing introduced everyone, the banquet officially began. However, because of the incident between Li Yu and Emperor Tianyun, the atmosphere in the hall became strange.

Everyone had mixed feelings.

The various powers had planned to seize this opportunity to make friends with Li Yu.

However, because of the conflict between Li Yu and Emperor Tianyun, they were conflicted.

If they acted too close to Li Yu, they were afraid that Emperor Tianyun would be unhappy. Yet if they ignored Li Yu completely, they would feel that they had wasted this golden opportunity.

After all, Li Yu was the person who spoke the mantras of the Great Dao. He was obviously the son of the heavens, and his future was limitless.

One was an old emperor with absolute power, while one was a new emperor with limitless potential.

They needed to choose sides between the two, so they were indeed conflicted.

After some time, the banquet was almost over. Emperor Tianyun gave a look at the old man diagonally across him.

The old man understood tacitly, and he immediately grinned as he asked, “Young Friend Li Yu, I wonder what cultivation realm you’re at now. We are all curious about the “unknown’ written on the Heavenly Dao Rankings!”

“That’s right. Maybe our young friend Li Yu cultivates a unique cultivation system entirely different from ours?” Someone hurriedly echoed.

Of course, this was a question that everyone was curious about, so everyone looked at Li Yu, who was eating scrumptiously with great satisfaction.

“Mm, I guess so. It’s a cultivation system I created myself. I don’t know what realm I’m in either!” Li Yu replied casually while eating.

Chapter 108 Your Grandson Isn’t Worthy
A self-created cultivation system?

“Eh?” The entire hall erupted the moment Li Yu said that.

Shock and disbelief were written all over everyone’s faces.

Even Emperor Tianyun was shocked.

They had lived for many years, but this was the first time they had seen someone create their own cultivation system.

This answer was even more shocking than if Li Yu said he had already become an immortal.

Of course, some of the living fossils in the hall had heard of people creating their own cultivation system, but they were all legendary monstrous geniuses existing in myths. They had never seen one with their own eyes or ascertained its authenticity.

They never expected to see one today.

Furthermore, the unknown cultivation realm of Li Yu on the Heavenly Dao Rankings might prove that Li Yu had really created his own cultivation route. Something completely different from the current mainstream cultivation system.

This was unthinkable. Li Yu had spoken the truths of the Great Dao and created his own cultivation system. He was simply too outstanding.

Could he be the reincarnation of an Immortal Emperor or a Paragon?

Everyone was speculating. Perhaps this was the only possibility that could explain why Li Yu could create his own cultivation system and speak the mantras of the Great Dao. Also, thinking back on how he had mocked Emperor Tianyun in public earlier, it was unlikely for a young man to have such boldness and courage. It had to be known that even they, old fellows who had lived for thousands of years, were afraid when facing Emperor Tianyun. “Li Yu, my young friend, does your self-created cultivation system lean more toward body refinement or Qi Refinement?”

Perfected Taiqing asked curiously.

“Leveling up!” Li Yu replied casually. He was not lying. His system was similar to leveling up in games. He could become stronger by killing monsters and completing missions.

“What is leveling up?”

Everyone was dumbfounded as they looked at each other, but no one dared to question Li Yu. They all thought they were not knowledgeable enough and didn’t understand what Li Yu meant.

“It can only be understood but not explained!” Li Yu replied deliberately.

“So, Young Friend Li Yu, do you know what realm you’re roughly equivalent to in our Qi Refinement cultivation system?” asked someone.

“I don’t know! Anyway, up until now, I’ve never encountered anyone who could defeat me!” Li Yu said casually, and he was telling the truth.

Currently, the strongest person he had encountered was Mo Wuhui. However, he was still unable to withstand the power of his sword.

Furthermore, according to Li Yu’s speculations, his system’s definition of invincibility was not only in this Immortal Martial World, but it included the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm.

Thus, currently, no one in the Lower Realm was his match.

“I believe you have never encountered an actual expert before. It’s fine for young people to be confident, but don’t be too arrogant!” Emperor Tianyun snapped, “Didn’t you say that you have never encountered someone who can defeat you? Why don’t you let my grandson experience your skills?

“My grandson, Hengyun, is now in the early stage of the Mahayana Realm. Since you can top the Sons of Heaven Rankings, your level shouldn’t be lower than that, right? It’s not considered bullying if you let my grandson spar with you!”

Before Emperor Tianyun could finish his sentence, Emperor Hengyun stepped forward.

His eyes were electrifying, and his aura was imposing. There was a sense of superiority between his brows.

Emperor Tianyun wanted to know more about Li Yu and test his cultivation level.

“Your grandson isn’t worthy!” Li Yu sneered. “He’s too weak. He can’t beat me at all. You’re barely qualified to spar with me. I’m afraid that if I beat you, others will say I’m bullying the elder!”

Li Yu’s remarks shocked everyone again. They became as quiet as cicadas in the winter. Their foreheads were covered in a cold sweat as they looked at Emperor Tianyun nervously. The atmosphere in the hall seemed to have dropped to the freezing point.

Li Yu’s words could be described as rude and filled with disdain. He did not put Emperor Tianyun in his eyes at all. He was just short of scolding ‘Who do you think you are?’ and pointing at Emperor Tianyun’s nose.

His unconquerable vibe was shocking. However, they could not help but feel nervous for Li Yu. If Li Yu did not have the capability, he would probably become unfortunate after today.

If he offended Emperor Tianyun, the number one talent of the human race would probably not escape this trouble either.

The entire hall was deathly silent. No one dared make a sound as they looked at Li Yu and Emperor Tianyun nervously.

Emperor Tianyun frowned slightly. No matter how calm he was, he could not withstand the provocation in Li Yu’s remarks.

His entire aura had already leaked out. A majestic pressure spread out like the glorious heaven’s might, making one’s soul tremble. It was as if the space in the entire hall had frozen.

“You wish to take me on? Li Yu, aren’t you overestimating your abilities?” Emperor Tianyun stood up.

He really wanted to slap Li Yu to death right now.

If Li Yu’s words had only displeased him before, the new remarks had already filled him with killing intent, even though he would not choose to attack here.

He would make sure Li Yu never returned from the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

Initially, he only wanted to take Gu Yuqi’s Ancient God Body and let Li Yu off.

After all, he was the number one prodigy of the human race and the one who spoke the mantras of the Great Dao. It would be a pity to kill him.

However, Li Yu had repeatedly offended him and spoken rudely today. He decided not to let this child live anymore. Otherwise, he would leave an arch enemy for himself in the future.

But, just as killing intent surfaced in Emperor Tianyun’s heart, a dark cloud as black as ink suddenly condensed above his head.

Lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled as lightning bolts began to strike the top of his head.

Emperor Tianyun immediately felt insecure. Damn it, why did this damned dark cloud appear again?

Everyone in the hall was shocked when they saw the sudden phenomenon above Emperor Tianyun.

Although many of them had seen this during Emperor Hengyun’s coronation, they were still shocked to see it again.

те

As for the Clear Void Holy Land disciples, who were seeing this phenomenon for the first time, they were filled with surprise.

“Oh my, what kind of divine power is Emperor Tianyun using? It looks refreshing. Is this the legendary path of calamity, one of the three thousand Great Daos?”

Li Yu’s comments nearly made the Clear Void Holy Land disciples at the side burst out laughing

Indeed, everything had its vanquisher. The top expert who had dominated the Huaxia continent for countless years—Emperor Tianyun-had never suffered such humiliation.

Li Yu was likely the only person who dared to speak like that about Emperor Tianyun.

It had infuriated Emperor Tianyun further. He wanted nothing more than to flay Li Yu alive.

Carrying such a thought, the dark clouds above his head grew larger by several times. The thick lightning bolts made the hair of Emperor Tianyun stand on end.

Meanwhile, Emperor Hengyun was furious and anxious.

During the previous coronation ceremony, such a situation happened to Emperor Tianyun, and he was almost frozen. This time, he received the order to probe Li Yu’s cultivation, and this situation occurred again.

If he could not complete the mission today, he would probably make his grandfather unhappy again.

Hence, Emperor Hengyun couldn’t care less about his bearing and status. He immediately yelled, “Li Yu, your arrogance ends here. Take this!”

Before he finished his sentence, Emperor Hengyun charged. His aura was fully unleashed, and he was filled with the clear intent to take Li Yu’s life.

Everyone’s faces drastically changed when they saw that, but no one dared to stop him.

After all, with Emperor Tianyun present, no one would dare to make a move.

Moreover, they wanted to see if Li Yu was really capable or just an arrogant person.

However, just as everyone held their breaths and prepared to watch the battle. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Emperor Hengyun, who had just arrived in front of Li Yu, shot into the sky like a cannonball.

The blast wave that accompanied him swept through the surroundings.

Boom!

The dome of the hall was penetrated by Emperor Hengyun, but his minimizing figure did not slow down at all. It was as if a rocket was launched into the sky.

In the end, he disappeared at the end of the boundless sky.

Where did he end up?

Chapter 109 The Strongest Human
Silence rang out.

The entire hall fell silent abruptly, leaving only the crackling thunder above Emperor Tianyun’s head.

Emperor Hengyun, the new ruling emperor of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty, was a peerless genius with talent comparable to Emperor Tianyun. In the past, he was also a renowned prodigy in the Huaxia continent.

He was even once equally famous as the Holy Sons of the various Holy Lands. He was only 250 years old now, and he was already at the early stage of the Mahayana Realm.

Furthermore, it was said that he had already entered the Mahayana Realm for more than 20 years. He was also probably close to reaching the middle stage.

If the Heavenly Dao Rankings had appeared a few decades earlier, even if he could not enter the top ten, entering the top twenty would definitely be an easy task with his talent and capability.

However, such an expert whose cultivation and strength could be considered top-tier seemed as weak as an ordinary person in front of Li Yu.

He had actually disappeared without a trace after a single punch. Emperor Hengyun had already broken through the roof before anyone could react.

Terrifyingly, there seemed to be no magic power fluctuations around Li Yu.

It was as if an effortless punch from him was enough to send the Mahayana Realm expert, who could move mountains and fill seas with a wave of his hand and block a crashing meteorite, flying

This could not be described as ridiculous anymore. It was simply petrifying!

“Li Yu is too strong! No wonder he doesn’t think highly of Emperor Tianyun!” Zhou Yu could not help but exclaim in his thoughts.

He began to understand why Li Yu could obtain the extra reward. It was not only because he had spoken the Great Dao mantras.

It was because his abilities were unbelievably powerful.

A self-created cultivation system? What kind of cultivation technique could cultivate his physical body to such a state?

If he had not seen it with his own eyes, he would never believe that a Mahayana Realm expert stood no chance against the brute strength of Li Yu’s physical body.

Everyone in the hall stared at Li Yu with their mouths agape, and the shock in their hearts was already beyond description.

Emperor Tianyun looked at Li Yu with a grim expression too. He knew that even he could not have punched Hengyun away with such ease without relying on his powers.

Furthermore, Hengyun had unleashed his aura and attacked without holding back. In the end, he did not touch Li Yu and was instead sent flying by Li Yu.

The entire process was so quick that he did not even manage to see it clearly. Li Yu’s power was unfathomable, and even he could not understand it.

Is he an immortal?

But Li Yu is clearly still a human with no signs of an immortal body.

This means he hasn’t achieved immortality!

Could it be because of his own cultivation system? Or is he really the reincarnation of an Immortal Emperor? Emperor Tianyun felt that this was the most likely possibility.

Li Yu had probably cultivated some sort of unique cultivation technique after his rebirth and grasped the power of various laws of the Great Dao.

That was why he could display such terrifying strength. Even Emperor Tianyun himself might not be his match.

No wonder he got so arrogant and condescending. I’m really in trouble this time.

He could not mess with the kid. At least, he could not provoke him further. Otherwise, he wouldn’t know how he died.

In fact, Emperor Tianyun regretted his decisions. If he had not already offended Li Yu, he would have definitely struck up a good relationship with him.

If he could obtain Li Yu’s guidance and help, perhaps his future path as an immortal would be smoother. It was a pity that fate made a fool of him. He had already started a feud with such an expert. He had to think of a solution in the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

“Humph!” Emperor Tianyun snorted coldly to save himself some face. Then, he waved his sleeves and flew towards the hole above. He had to find his grandson. Hengyun was the only good seedling among his descendants.

He could not disregard Hengyun’s life, even though he did not know if he was dead or alive.

Many Clear Void Holy Land disciples looked up in surprise outside the hall.

They had also heard the loud noise of the hall being struck earlier, but they did not see what transpired.

They only saw something crash through the roof of the hall that instantly disappeared into the sky.

The moment they saw Emperor Tianyun fly into the sky, they were even more surprised. They could not help but discuss and speculate what happened in the hall.

After Emperor Tianyun left, the frozen atmosphere in the hall returned to normal.

However, the way everyone looked at Li Yu had already changed again.

He was now revered.

Li Yu was not only the number one prodigy. He was probably the strongest human as well.

“Perfected Taiqing. I apologize for breaking your hall accidentally!” Li Yu cupped his hands.

“It’s fine. It’s normal for fists and legs to have no eyes!” Perfected Taiqing replied with a smile while he tried to calm the waves in his heart.

Li Qingyun really has a good son. I should take the initiative to find Li Qingyun in the future to resolve the past grudges.

At the very least, I should learn from the Jade Pure Dao Sect and make Li Yu an honorary elder of our Clear Void Holy Land.

As the saying went, it was better squashing enmity than to keep it alive. No matter what, the Clear Void Holy Land had to resolve the grudge between them and Li Qingyun.

Although Emperor Tianyun had left, the banquet continued. The main character of the feast was now Li Yu.

Everyone did not have anything to worry about this time and relaxed completely.

Li Yu was about to vomit from hearing all kinds of over-the-top compliments. People came in an endless stream to toast him, and some were already prepared to matchmake Li Yu.

If Li Yu agreed, he might as well take away three thousand beauties immediately.

After a long while, the banquet ended. There was only an hour left until the opening of the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

The two outer peaks of the Clear Void Holy Land were already filled with people. All the factions of the Huaxia continent were present.

While the events that occurred at the banquet not long ago have been spreading among the various factions here.

“What? Li Yu sent Emperor Tianyun flying with a single punch?!” “No wonder someone heard a loud noise from the main peak just now!”

“Yeah, I vaguely saw someone flying into the sky just now!” “So Li Yu is even stronger than Emperor Tianyun! No wonder the Heavenly Dao Rankings gave him an additional reward!”

“Unbelievable!”

Perfected Taiqing led everyone from the main hall to the sky above the outer peak. Everyone quickly fell silent.

One elder spoke with a resounding voice and began announcing the related matters regarding the teleportation into the Lingtian Mystic Realm. The teleportation array could only send 100 people each time.

As the space in the Lingtian Mystic Realm was special, the location where everyone would appear might be different.

After three months, everyone could follow the directions on the token to find the teleportation point to leave the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

Once the time was up, the Lingtian Mystic Realm would close again, and the token would lose its effectiveness.

If anyone stayed there, he could only wait for the next time it opened. However, according to past experience, anyone who stayed behind had vanished.

No one had come out of the Lingtian Mystic Realm when it reopened.

“Alright, the time has come. The teleportation array is about to be activated. Everyone, please prepare yourselves and enter the teleportation array in batches according to the number on your token!” Perfected Taiqing’s voice reverberated around.

Everyone put on a serious face as they took out their tokens and waited for the teleportation array to activate.

Soon, Perfected Taiqing signaled for the elders to activate the grand array.

Each elder took out an array disc and quickly activated the array formation. A massive spatial vortex appeared in the sky above the two outer peaks.

The first ones to enter the teleportation array were those from the Clear Void Holy Land. They were divided into ten batches, and a total of 1000 disciples entered the spatial vortex.

Zhou Yu, Duan Tianming, Qin Yueheng, and others were among them.

At the same time, the people from the various Holy Lands flew into the spatial vortex in the sky above their respective Holy Lands.

As for the various demons and fiend sects, they entered the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm through the teleportation arrays under their control.

“Once I return from the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm, I’ll definitely meet the number one prodigy of the human race!” Xin Ba looked at the rankings in the sky with eyes filled with dissatisfaction.

Chapter 110: After Woe Comes Weal


After a while, Emperor Tianyun carried the rag doll-like Emperor Hengyun back to the main peak of the Clear Void Holy Land and met up with the people of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty.

The expressions of the Lu family drastically changed when they saw the sorry state of Emperor Hengyun.

Emperor Tianyun’s 19th son, Lu Hongcheng, hurriedly rushed forward. He looked at Emperor Hengyun and asked worriedly, “Father, is Hengyun alright?”

They had just heard that Emperor Hengyun had been sent flying by a single punch from Li Yu.

At the moment, they had a bad feeling when they looked at the state of Emperor Hengyun.

“He’s not dead yet, but he’s severely injured!” Emperor Tianyun’s expression was grim. The lightning bolts that struck down above his head seemed to strike at the bottom of his raging heart.

He wished for nothing more than to kill that kid, Li Yu.

Although Li Yu’s punch did not kill Emperor Hengyun, it had almost turned him into a vegetable.

More than half of his bones were broken, and his meridians were severely injured.

He should be able to recover a little from his injuries with the help of a rebirth pill, but he would not be able to recover to his normal strength for the time being.

“Father. Should we still bring Hengyun into the Lingtian Mystic Realm?” asked Lu Hongcheng.

Emperor Tianyun looked at the spatial passageway in the distance and pondered for a short while. “Bring him in. He can’t miss such a good opportunity. I’ll think of a way to treat Hengyun’s injuries after entering the Lingtian Mystic Realm!”

“The few of you carry Hengyun and follow me!” Emperor Tianyun handed Hengyun to the Lu family members beside him before flying towards the spatial vortex together.

Lu Hongcheng and the others quickly followed.

After those from the Clear Void Holy Land were teleported away, it should have been the Heavenly Fate Dynasty’s turn. However, it was temporarily delayed as they were waiting for Emperor Tianyun.

Therefore, they exchanged greetings with the Clear Void Holy Land elders and wasted no time flying into the teleportation array.

A dazzling seven-colored light instantly enveloped everyone from the Heavenly Fate Dynasty. All was quiet as the world turned around. They were like fallen leaves fluttering in the wind as they flew uncontrollably to an unknown place.

Suddenly, space fluctuated violently. Everyone was like fallen leaves in a gale that flew around uncontrollably.

Emperor Tianyun’s expression became awful.

It was a common occurrence when one entered the Lingtian Mystic Realm. However, this was also an extremely dangerous situation.

The space in the Lingtian Mystic Realm was especially strange. One might encounter a spatial storm or spatial fluctuation during the teleportation process.

People teleported together might be scattered and appear in a place thousands of kilometers away from each other. Some might even get trapped in a spatial storm and disappear.

After a moment, the seven-colored light disappeared again. Everyone quickly stabilized themselves with magic power.

They landed in a forest filled with miasma and strange trees.

The entire forest was lifeless. There were some strange and tall dead trees as far as the eye could see.

The crooked tree trunk was like ferocious ghost faces. Its bare branches bared their fangs and brandished their claws as they stretched into the air. They were like withered ghost claws about to tear apart the misty sky.

It looked a little spine-chilling.

Emperor Tianyun first surveyed his surroundings before looking at everyone on his side.

Lu Hongcheng and Hengyun were not here. They must have been teleported elsewhere.

However, Emperor Tianyun was not worried. They had jade tokens with communication capabilities, so it was not difficult for them to reunite.

Right at this moment, Emperor Hengyun’’s muffled voice sounded from nearby. “Grandfather, Grandfather, I’m here. I can’t move!”

Emperor Tianyun looked over and immediately felt uneasy.

More than half of Emperor Hengyun’s body had fused with a crooked tree.

He only had two feet and one hand showing, with less than half of his face exposed.

“This…”

The comers of Emperor Tianyun’s mouth twitched as if he was having a seizure.

Everyone here knew what it meant to fuse with an object during spatial transference.

It was impossible to separate the two with external forces unless Emperor Hengyun’s cells were separated and recombined.

I’m finished. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

My grandson Hengyun has become a complete vegetable!

2

Emperor Tianyun brought everyone to surround Hengyun and looked at him gravely.

“patriarch, w-what should we do?” The Lu family members had ugly expressions and complicated feelings.

They were at a loss as to what to do for a while.

At the moment, Emperor Tianyun was also depressed. It was an unlucky day. Hengyun was already severely injured, and fusing into this tree made matters worse.

2

“What else can we do? Let’s cut down the tree first and leave the fusion part. Be careful not to injure Hengyun!” Emperor Tianyun also had a headache. His grandson would probably only be a treant in the future.

Everyone busied themselves and chopped off most of the dried tree, leaving behind the portion that had fused with Emperor Hengyun.

At the moment, Emperor Hengyun looked like a tree demon but had failed to manifest his human form fully.

The look was painful to describe.

In any case, Emperor Tianyun no longer wanted to look his grandson in the eye for fear of getting angry.

Rumble!

At this moment, the power of heaven and earth suddenly violently fluctuated as if thunder was echoing through the world. Unusual energy dispersed from afar.

Emperor Tianyun’s pupils shrank as he looked behind him, pleasantly surprised.

A supreme treasure had appeared!

“Let’s go!”

He shouted and took the lead to charge toward the source of the fluctuations.

At the moment, ina valley hundreds of kilometers away from Emperor Tianyun and the others.

‘A towering tree stood between the heavens and the earth. It seemed as though this tree had propped up the entire sky from afar.

There were not many leaves on the giant tree, but each was around ten feet in size. They were entirely golden in color on the tree trunk, like golden clouds hanging in the sky that emitted a faint golden glow.

In the middle of the giant tree, countless thick dragon-like vines interwoven into a giant ball that emitted golden light.

Suddenly, the vines squirmed and slowly spread apart, revealing a fruit wrapped within.

The fruit was about the size of a watermelon. It was round in appearance and seemed to be carved from jade. It was warm, crystalline, with a glowing halo.

They could faintly see the sun, moon, stars, mountains, lakes, seas, plants, and other miraculous scenes of the heavens and the earth within it.

The fruit had triggered the fluctuations of the Heaven and Earth powers.

Golden airflow gathered from heaven and earth, circling the fruit like golden dragons.

“It’s a Heaven Earth Dao Fruit!” Emperor Tianyun was ecstatic as he flew over.

Although he had guessed a priceless treasure had appeared, he did not expect it to be a Heaven Earth Dao Fruit.

“Hahahaha, after woe comes weal! It allowed me to encounter such a peerless treasure!”

Emperor Tianyun was extremely excited. Although it was his first time seeing this Dao fruit, he had heard of it before.

This was a natural oddity enough to drive countless immortals crazy in the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm.

This fruit contained the Great Dao of Heaven and Earth. Refining it could allow one to form a Dharmic Dao of their own and grasp many profound Great Dao techniques. It could even allow one’s physical body to transform into an immortal body’s Dao fetus.

“This is great! The heavens are really helping me! If I can refine and absorb this fruit, it will be enough to allow me to break through my bottleneck and become an immortal.” Emperor Tianyun was delighted beyond words. All the gloominess from before had been swept away.

However, Emperor Tianyun also knew that the strength of the towering tree was definitely not something he could deal with since it could nurture this Dao fruit.

It was impossible to kill it.

He could only use the power of the array formation to suppress it while having his subordinates launch feign attacks on the side to attract its attention. Once he sees a chance, he could snatch the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit.

 
Chapter 111: Genius Excellence Rankings


“patriarch, this is? A Heaven Earth Dao Fruit?” Everyone from the Lu family rushed over. They were also shocked when they saw the Heavenly Dao Fruit.

“Yes!” Emperor Tianyun nodded. “Lu Feng, send our location signal to Lu Hongcheng and the others first. After that, lead everyone to prepare the Blood Disc Immortal Vanquishing Array. I’ll probe this ancient tree’s strength first!”

“Understood, Patriarch!” The elder called Lu Feng cupped his hands.

Everyone from the Lu family placed the still recovering Emperor Hengyun to the side and quickly prepared to set up the array formation.

‘As for Emperor Tianyun, he flew towards the towering tree alone.

At the same time, the earth shook. Immediately, dragon-like vines soared into the sky from below and attacked Emperor Tianyun.

Emperor Tianyun’s gaze focused as he thought to himself that the giant tree was indeed formidable.

The incoming vines carried the power of heaven and earth as if they were pulling at the sky as they smashed over.

The terrifying power sent chills down Emperor Tianyun’s spine.

He immediately took out his magic treasure to take on the incoming vines while retreating to the side rapidly.

However, more vines assaulted him at lightning speed. They instantly wove into an inescapable net that attacked Emperor Tianyun from all directions.

Vines wrapped in the power of heaven and earth compressed the space around Emperor Tianyun as it seemed on the brink of collapse.

Emperor Tianyun had a grave expression as he formed hand seals and took out a jade statue that was sitting cross-legged.

The moment the jade statue appeared, it instantly transformed into the divine phantom of a thousand feet enveloping Emperor Tianyun.

Bang bang bang bang bang

Those vines bombarded the god statue madly, and the terrifying power shook the earth, creating circles of ripples.

At this moment, the eyes of the statue suddenly opened. A flame totem surfaced on its glabella, and golden flames instantly ignited around its body.

Then, he formed hand seals with both hands. The golden flames around him instantly turned into fire dragons that roared and rushed out, incinerating every incoming vine.

Still, more vines arrived instantly.

Emperor Tianyun switched his hand seal, and the giant godly statue phantom outside his body stood up with a bang. The ground rumbled.

Golden armor surfaced on his body, and a golden sword condensed in his right hand. He was like a god of war that stood between heaven and earth.

Swoosh!

The longsword slashed horizontally, causing space to tremble. Everywhere the sword light passed, the vines were slashed down.

The longsword slashed horizontally, causing space to tremble. Everywhere the sword light passed, the vines were cut down.

1

‘As Emperor Tianyun and the giant tree’s vines clashed, Lu Feng and the others had quickly set up the array formation.

The Blood Disc Immortal Vanquishing Array was an ancient grand array formation obtained by Emperor Tianyun in the Lingtian Mystic Realm. It was formed by eighteen supreme-grade immortal artifact-level blood discs.

Its power was enough to trap and kill ordinary immortals.

“Patriarch, the grand array is completed!” Lu Feng sent a voice transmission.

“Good, activate the array formation immediately!” said Emperor Tianyun. He then formed hand seals again and produced 18 runes.

He injected his blood essence into the runes and rapidly shot in all directions that were absorbed into the blood discs.

At the same time, everyone from the Lu family quickly injected their magic powers into the blood disc. Immediately, space shook as beams of light rushed into the sky.

They transformed into eighteen towering pillars that reached into the sky. Countless strange runes flickered on them.

‘The Heaven and Earth powers gathered as golden chains manifested, instantly wrapping around the ancient towering tree.

Boom!

Space trembled as a terrifying power pressed down from the sky, making the giant tree seem to shrink in size.

‘The gravity in the surrounding space seemed to have increased countless times.

The air seemed to freeze as an invisible pressure ruthlessly suppressed the ancient tree’s power, causing the vines to slow down significantly.

Emperor Tianyun controlled that war god phantom to overcome the obstacles and break through the layers of vines to approach that towering tree.

However, right at this moment, the golden leaves on the ancient tree suddenly transformed into giant golden birds that tore through the void and pounced over.

Emperor Tianyun’s expression changed. The aura and pressure emitted by this giant bird formed from golden leaves were several times stronger and faster than the vines.

Once hit, his defense would probably be destroyed directly by these golden leaves.

Therefore, he immediately used the array formation to condense Immortal Vanquishing Blood Discs that attacked the giant golden birds.

Bang bang bang bang.

The Immortal Vanquishing Blood Discs collided madly with the giant golden birds, stirring up the entire sky. Energy ripples spread out in waves, and it was as if the void was about to be torn apart.

“The Patriarch is indeed one of the top ten human experts. He managed to match such a terrifying divine tree!” Lu Feng was in awe.

Such a battle was definitely on the level of a fight between immortals, leaving everyone horrified.

Suddenly, the surrounding trees rose from the ground and transformed into giant tree spirits that attacked Lu Feng and the others.

However, their target was not the Lu family but the array foundation they were guarding, the 18 blood discs.

For a time, loud booms sounded outside the grand array formation.

Those tree spirits were not weak and possessed powerful regeneration abilities. There were many of them, and they advanced in succession, forcing the Lu family to instantly fall into a bitter battle.

Emperor Hengyun, who was still recovering, was also feeling depressed.

It’s my unlucky day. I almost got beaten to death by Li Yu. Now I’m fused into a withered tree, into this miserable, immobile state.

Coupled with the fact that his injuries had not fully recovered, he could not help in the face of the siege of those tree spirits.

Fortunately, those tree spirits seemed to treat him as one of their own.

Since they did not attack him, his family clan would not have to split their attention protecting him.

Inside the array formation, Emperor Tianyun used the power of the array formation to fight the giant tree to a draw.

However, it was not possible to approach the ancient tree and obtain the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit at the moment.

Not only that, but the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit seemed to have absorbed enough power of heaven and earth. Its aura was restrained, and countless vines were woven into a spherical wooden cage, enveloping it layer by layer.

Upon seeing this, Emperor Tianyun’s expression darkened. The difficulty of obtaining the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit increased this time.

At the moment, the Lu family clan outside the array was engaged in an arduous battle. Almost half of the Lu family had been teleported elsewhere, and with the loss of Emperor Hengyun’s combat prowess, their overall combat strength was greatly reduced.

“Everyone, hold on. Our men should be arriving soon!” Lu Feng yelled.

Meanwhile, in the Clear Void Holy Land, wave after wave of cultivators entered the teleportation array one after another. The northern region countries were the last in the queue.

Hence, when it was almost their turn, an hour had passed since the teleportation array was first activated.

Those from the Great Xia Dynasty would be teleporting with Li Yu’s sect.

The person leading this batch was Perfected Yu Hua. He was still reminding his disciples to be careful after entering the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

Although the Lingtian Mystic Realm was filled with countless opportunities, there was danger everywhere too. One could lose their life if they were not careful.

“Once we enter the teleportation array, we will all hold hands and form a circle. Our master mentioned that a spatial storm would appear in the spatial passageway and blow us apart. So no matter what, don’t let go. We must make sure that we can appear in the same place!” Li Yu instructed in a low voice.

After all, apart from him, Gu Yugi, and Ji Wanjie, the cultivation levels of the rest of his genius disciples were not relatively strong.

It was especially true for those new disciples. They would likely not survive in the Lingtian Mystic Realm without his protection.

Just as everyone from the Great Xia Dynasty was queuing up to enter the Teleportation Array, the heavens and earth shook.

‘The power of heaven and earth fluctuated violently, and holy voices sounded through the void.

The Heavenly Dao Rankings in the sky flourished with golden light again.

Anew ranking appeared: Genius Excellence Rankings.
Chapter 112: The Most Miserable Emperor in History (1)


After the new rankings surfaced, a few rows of clear, gilded words condensed below.

Young elites of every race could enter the Genius Excellence Rankings.

They were ranked according to style, talent, morals, conduct, strength, and other comprehensive factors. A total of 50 positions could obtain the rewards of the Heavenly Dao.

It would reveal one person on the rankings daily, giving him 15 minutes to showcase himself for the world to appreciate.

‘The rewards were only given once.

“Excellence Rankings?”

The appearance of a new ranking shook the world again.

This ranking was easy to understand, and it was explained clearly. As the name implied, it was a ranking list that displayed the elegance and talents of geniuses.

It could be considered a special ranking that supplemented the Sons of Heaven Rankings. This time, one would not only rely on his strength and potential to get on the rankings.

Appearance, temperament, conduct, talent, and actions were also included in the standard measurement.

This way, some young elites with lower cultivation levels would have the chance to enter the rankings and obtain rewards.

Moreover, the most striking part of the description was ‘given 15 minutes to showcase themselves for the world to appreciate.’

“Does this mean that the Heavenly Dao Rankings will reveal the person on it to the world so that we can see what he looks like?”

“That should be it. This ranking is getting interesting. It has always been a name. We don’t know most of them, nor do we know who they are!”

“Wait, is this a ranking for handsome men and beautiful women?”

“Haha, that’s right. This ranking is not bad! I want to see what kind of good-looking people are on it!”

“Don’t make it sound so superficial. Morals and talents are included. Only those with both virtue and potential can get on the rankings!”

“Interesting, interesting. I wonder if the first on the main prodigy rankings, Li Yu, will also be on this one. I want to see how elegant this number one prodigy of the human race is!”

“That’s for sure. As the number one prodigy of the human race, Li Yu must have a place on this ranking!” CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

“It’s a pity that only one person on the rankings is announced every day. Wouldn’t it take 50 days to see the first place? They are really whetting my appetite!”

1

“That’s right, 1 update a day is too infuriating!”

“A good show is worth waiting for. What’s the hurry!”

After the new ranking appeared, countless conversed excitedly again as they looked forward to seeing those on it.

As for the various factions, they hoped that their elites could enter the rankings.

In the Primordial Dao Holy Land, countless disciples looked at the Excellence Rankings. The first name they thought of was their senior brother, Chu Yunhe.

“Senior Brother Chu is unmatched in style and virtue. He will definitely be on the rankings again!”

“That’s right, that’s right. I wonder if Senior Brother Chu can see this ranking list in the Lingtian Mystic Realm!”

“probably not!”

“[heard Divine Pool Holy Daughter Yao Xi is drop-dead gorgeous. Now we finally get the chance to see her elegant demeanor this time!”

“Yeah, anyone who can get on the rankings must be someone with extraordinary looks!”

“This ranking might allow us to see who those fellows in the top ten of the Demon and Demon Sects are!”

“Tm very interested in that Ye Qingyu!”

“I’m only curious about that boy Li Yu. I want to see his actual appearance!”

“That’s right, that’s right. We might have a chance to meet this number one human prodigy this time!”

At the moment, countless humans and demons were looking forward to seeing Li Yu ascend the rankings.

Ahint of interest surfaced in Li Yu’s eyes when he saw the Genius Excellence Rankings.

The Heavenly Dao Rankings would be interesting if the participants were given a quarter of an hour to showcase themselves. He was also curious about the beauties on the rankings this time. He was hoping to admire the handsome men and beautiful women of this world.

The timing of this ranking isn’t too good. I wonder if it can be seen in the Lingtian Mystic Realm! Li Yu thought.

“Senior Brother, you’re definitely on top again!” Tang Chi smiled.

In his opinion, Li Yu’s strength was unquestionably the best in the world regardless of his appearance or character.

“I think so too!” Ye Qiu nodded.

The other juniors echoed in agreement. They were not flattering, but they had already become Li Yu’s fangirls, except the Blood Spirit Monarch.

Li Yu smiled and did not say a word. He did not care if he was at the top but knew he should have locked a place on the rankings.

It was not that he was conceited. It was just that the Heavenly Dao Rankings had just added an appearance buff to him not too long ago, and he had the Limitless Merit Golden Body.

If the buffs given by the officials did not put him onto the rankings, it would be intolerable.

At this moment, the first person on the Genius Excellence Rankings had been announced.

Excellence Rankings # 50: Lu Hengyun

Identity: Emperor of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty

Origin: Human Race’s Heavenly Fate Dynasty

“The 5oth is Emperor Hengyun!” Li Yu was slightly surprised.

However, he realized that it was not too bad when he thought about Emperor Hengyun’s looks and aura.

If he could succeed as the emperor of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty, he must be talented.

However, if it was just in terms of looks and temperament, he should at least enter the top 20. He would probably lose a lot of points in terms of morals.

“Inever thought that Emperor Hengyun would be the first to enter the rankings!” Everyone nearby was also discussing animatedly.

“Emperor Hengyun is more than two hundred years old, so he didn’t manage to enter the Sons of Heaven Rankings. But he entered the Excellence Rankings.”

 
Chapter 113: The Most Miserable Emperor in History (2)


“It seems that the Genius Excellence Rankings encompasses a wider range of age, and it’s not ranked according to cultivation level.”

Emperor Hengyun instantly became the center of attention. Although many in the Great Luo Holy Region had not heard of this new emperor, the various large factions in the Huaxia continent knew of the new emperor’s name.

It was not surprising that he could enter the rankings.

The happiest ones at the moment were those from the Heavenly Fate Dynasty and the Lu Family.

“Great news! His Majesty is on the rankings!” The officials of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty were animated.

At this moment, two words surfaced on the ranking again: “Elegance Exhibition.”

Immediately, the entire sky seemed to transform into a giant screen, and a video feed surfaced clearly.

It featured the main hall of the imperial palace of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty, a man with an imposing appearance wearing a prestigious royal tassel crown and a dragon robe.

He set his sights on the civil and military officials and said in a powerful voice, “The emperor uses the ears and eyes of the world as his eyes and ears, and the thoughts of the world as his mind. Why would he worry about not understanding the world?”

This person was Emperor Hengyun, and this scene was taken from the moment right after he ascended to the throne.

“Is this the new emperor of the Heavenly Fate Dynasty?”

“He does have an extraordinary bearing!”

“You’re right. He seems like a wise ruler!”

“The first to enter the ranking is already an emperor. I’m looking forward to the rest!”

“This Heavenly Dao Rankings is a wonder itself. It can display one’s bearing on the rankings so clearly.”

“As expected of our emperor. His magnificence is unmatched!”

Countless people looked at the scene in the sky in awe.

Suddenly the video in the sky changed abruptly. The scene switched to an ancient forest, and the world-shaking audios of fighting resounded.

In the middle of the picture, the imposing man in the dragon robe suddenly became a… Tree-Man?4

Half of his face was exposed outside the tree trunk. It was still possible to recognize that he was Emperor Hengyun!

“Eh?

Inan instant, everyone looking at the Excellence Rankings was shocked.

The style of Emperor Hengyun became a little exaggerated.

He was still that remarkable, dignified, and emperor-like figure a moment ago.

In the next second, he became a strange half-human half-tree.

It seemed like the wooden stakes had become sentient. It had two legs, an arm, and half a face.

He walked like a penguin, swaying slightly clumsily. He looked a little pitiful yet comical.

“How… How did His Majesty become like this?!” Everyone from the Heavenly Fate Dynasty was stunned as they looked at Emperor Hengyun in the video image in disbelief, momentarily dumbfounded. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Of course, countless people watching the Excellence Rankings were also dumbfounded.

“How did Emperor Hengyun become a block of wood!”

“Is he a tree demon?” Someone guessed.

“How is that possible? That background clearly says ‘human.’ He must have been struck by some demonic technique and turned into a block of wood!” someone refuted.

“speaking of which, Emperor Hengyun looks a little miserable. My heart aches just looking at hit

“Yeah, forgive me for my unkind laugh, hahaha…”1

“Mom, that wooden man in the sky looks so funny!” On the street, a little girl shopping with her mother looked at the scene in the sky in surprise.

“silly girl, that’s not a wooden man. That’s a demon. If you misbehave, that demon will come and catch you!” her mother cautioned.

“Really?” The little girl seemed excited.3

Inside the Clear Void Holy Land, the disciples looked at the scene in the sky with odd expressions. They felt like laughing but did not find it appropriate.

“From the looks of it, it’s the Lingtian Mystic Realm. Emperor Hengyun and the others are surrounded and attacked by tree demons!”

“Yeah, there are so many tree demons. The Lingtian Mystic Realm is indeed filled with danger. And they have only entered not long ago!”

“Perhaps Emperor Hengyun was struck by some kind of demon technique from the tree demon and got like this!”

“Tm afraid the entire world knows that Emperor Hengyun has been inflicted with this unspeakable demonic technique!”

At the moment, through the image, they could vaguely see the tree demons attacking the group from the Heavenly Fate Dynasty.

Therefore, everyone believed that Emperor Hengyun and the others had been attacked by tree demons.

“What has Emperor Hengyun been through?” Li Yu wanted to laugh as he looked at the image in the air.

He was curious about how Emperor Hengyun had gotten like this. The Excellence Rankings had become his death scene socially.

Meanwhile, in the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

Emperor Changyun never knew he was already on the Excellence Rankings. And how could he know that he had no face left in society?

He was currently jumping around in the forest anxiously. He could only watch his side stuck in a tough battle, as he could do nothing. He could only worry.

At this critical juncture, Lu Hongcheng and the rest of the Lu family finally arrived.

They quickly joined the battle and instantly changed the situation, killing most of the tree spirits.

Emperor Hengyun heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Lu Hongcheng and the others helped out. He approached them in jubilation.

However, at this moment, an expert at the Profound Void Martial Stage from the Lu family suddenly descended from the sky and shouted, “Audacious tree demon, take this!”

With a stern yelling, a gigantic sword beam carrying the power to split the sky and earth slashed down.

Emperor Hengyun had yet to recover from his injuries, and it was already difficult for him to move in his current state, let alone dodge that sword..3

Chapter 114: The Most Miserable Emperor in History (3)


Swoosh!

The sharp sword beam sliced Emperor Hengyun’s tree body in two half like a hot knife through butter.

This scene was also broadcast to everyone paying attention to the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

In an instant, the entire world seemed to have fallen silent. Everyone who was looking at the rankings was dumbstruck.

Emperor Hengyun was executed… by his own family!

“Holy shit, uh, what is going on!” No one saw this coming, Even a novel wouldn’t dare to write like this.

2

How could Emperor Hengyun, who had just entered the rankings, get killed after being mistaken as a tree demon for no reason?

Everyone had no knowledge of the sequence of events. Thus, they were all stunned.

At the same time, Lu Hengyun’s name on the rankings instantly turned gray, and the word ‘deceased’ was branded on the back.

The word was like a bolt from the blue that struck the hearts of everyone in the Heavenly Fate Dynasty and the Lu Family.

The entire Heavenly Fate Dynasty was instantly shrouded in shock and sorrow.

As Emperor Hengyun died, the video footage disappeared.

The entire world was dead silent. Everyone was stunned for a long while before recovering from the shock.

“This… Emperor Hengyun is too tragic!”

“This is probably the most miserable emperor in history. He became a wooden stake for no reason, and now he was even killed after being treated as a tree demon!”

“Even in his death, Emperor Hengyun must have never imagined that he would end his life in such a way!”

“And what’s worse is that the Heavenly Dao Rankings have even broadcast it for the world to witness. If he was subduing demons and died heroically on the battlefield, it would be a worthy and spectacular death, but he ended up dying after getting mistaken as a demon. This death is really too…!”

Li Yu stared at the Heavenly Dao Rankings and was at a loss whether to laugh or cry. He had not expected that Emperor Hengyun did not die from a punch from him but by a strike from his own clansman.

The death was truly tragic.

Still, he did not feel anything. Anyway, that was his fortune. Every cause brings a consequence. Everything that happened today was the Lu family’s karma.

“Next!”

At that moment, the Clear Void Holy Land Elder in charge of the teleportation array shouted.

It was finally the Great Xia Dynasty’s turn to enter the teleportation array.

“Elder Li, it’s our turn to enter!” Perfected Yu Hua said.

“Please proceed!” Li Yu cupped his hands, and then he indicated for his group to form a circle holding hands before flying towards the teleportation array together.

A dazzling seven-colored light instantly enveloped everyone. Silence reigned as heaven and earth felt reversed. Everyone was like fallen leaves fluttering in the wind as they flew uncontrollably to an unknown place.

Tang Chi and the others did not say a word. They looked nervous and clenched each other’s hands tightly.

Suddenly, the surrounding space fluctuated violently.

“Damn! Everyone hold on tight!” Li Yu exclaimed.

However, the spatial fluctuation became increasingly intense. A sharp glint flashed in the Blood Spirit Monarch’s eyes. He suddenly pulled his hands away and left the circle.

1

At the same time, the seven-colored light disappeared again, and Li Yu and the others appeared in a sealed space.

In front of them was a strange fruit, warm and crystalline. It emitted a faint halo that illuminated the sealed space.

One could vaguely see the sun, moon, stars, mountains, lakes, seas, forests, and other sights of the heavens and the earth in the fruit. It was miraculous. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Outside, intense sounds of battle and collisions of magic powers were ceaseless, causing the sealed space where Li Yu and the others were to tremble constantly.

Nonetheless, Li Yu and the others were focused on the extraordinary fruit.

Chapter 115: Enemies Are Bound to Meet Again (1)


In the Blood Disc Immortal Vanquishing Array. Emperor Tianyun fell into a bitter struggle. He was forced back by the giant birds formed from the ancient tree’s golden leaves and the barrage of incoming vines.

The giant tree was more powerful than he had expected. Even the Blood Disc Immortal Vanquishing Array could not suppress it effectively.

He was completely unaware that his most valued descendant, Emperor Hengyun, had already been killed by his own men.

Even the expert who had killed Emperor Hengyun was oblivious, along with the rest of the Lu Family.

‘They were still in a difficult situation despite the reinforcements not long ago. More and more tree spirits were killed, including a few elite ones. They began to feel exhausted.

Suddenly, dozens of figures instantly arrived from afar. There were men and women, young and old, but all of them had fluttering clothes and immortal-like bearings.

‘The few elders in the lead had a pair of hale and hearty eyes. They had white hair and youthful faces, and they possessed the bearing of immortals.

They were members of the Grand Primordium Holy Land, judging from his attire and the totemic patterns on his Daoist robe.

They had sensed the unusual phenomenon and the battling sounds, so they rushed over to investigate.

They did not expect that someone had already arrived before them.

“It’s Tian Yunzi!” the Grand Elder of the Grand Primordium Holy Land, Perfected Wan Chu, remarked softly.

He naturally knew Emperor Tianyun, a top expert even stronger than him.

Perfected Wan Chu looked carefully at the spherical wooden cage woven from tree vines in the middle of the giant tree. He sensed that the extraordinary aura was coming from there.

Not only that, but the golden airflow formed by the power of heaven and earth was still gathering in the wooden cage.

It was clear that this giant tree had nurtured something extraordinary.

Meanwhile, above the forest at the top of the mountain in the distance, enormous figures surfaced in the clouds tens of thousands of kilometers above, secretly observing the towering ancient tree.

“Emperor Tianyun, do you require our assistance?” Elder Wan Chu could not help but ask when he realized that Emperor Tianyun and the others were in an uphill battle.

He was well aware that the priceless treasure nurtured by the giant tree was not something anyone could devour alone. Neither could the great Emperor Tianyun.

Therefore, if they cooperated, they might share the spoils.

Emperor Tianyun glanced at the people from the Grand Primordium Holy Land with mixed feelings.

On this hand, he did not wish to share the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit with them. However, he knew that it would not be easy to have it all for himself. After all, this giant tree was indeed troublesome. If this situation persisted, he would not be able to hold on much longer.

As he hesitated, the giant tree’s attacks suddenly halted. The sealed cage that enveloped the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit suddenly began shrinking.

Li Yu and the others were in the cage, looking at the miraculous fruit in surprise.

‘At the same time, roped-like vines instantly bound the group.

Acold glint flashed through Li Yu’s eyes as he struggled free from the vines and plucked the extraordinary fruit.

“Ding… successful collection of natural oddities: Heaven Earth Dao Fruit!” The system’s voice sounded.

1

In the meantime, the entire space shook violently. A muffled voice sounding like thunder or the roar of a beast rang.

The shrinking vine wooden cage stopped abruptly. While the vines emitting magic power fluctuations turned into deadwood instantly without any vitality.

Outside, the giant golden birds reverted into golden leaves that rapidly withered and fell powerlessly from the sky.

Those giant vines that were like flood dragons fell one after another. The ancient towering tree seemed to have its vitality sucked out as its powerful auras and pressure instantly weakened.

Under the suppression of the grand array formation, cracking sounds were heard as if it was about to break down.

“What’s going on?” Emperor Tianyun’s expression changed. He sensed something off. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Why did the aura emitted by the fruit disappear?

At that moment, the sealed vine cage that contained the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit exploded.

And ten figures flew out of it.

Emperor Tianyun, Elder Wan Chu, and everyone from the Grand Primordium Holy Land were shocked to see this.

“Humans?” Elder Wan Chu was a little stunned. He had clearly sensed some sort of extraordinary treasure in there. Why did ten youngsters come out in the end?

The other elders and disciples looked at each other with puzzled expressions.

Did this tree give birth to… ten kids?

2

This strange thought flashed through their minds, and they quickly thought of another possibility.

Creak.

Emperor Tianyun gnashed his teeth so hard that they creaked. His expression was so dark that he looked like he could eat someone.

He never imagined that Li Yu, Gu Yuqi, and the others would appear from the wooden cage.

Enemies were indeed bound to meet on a narrow road!

However, Emperor Tianyun could not understand how Li Yu and the others could appear in the vine cage.

One thing was certain, the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit had been seized by Li Yu’s company.

“Emperor Tianyun!” Gu Yuqi’s expression darkened since he was surprised as well.

Li Yu’s mouth curled up uncontrollably. Fate can be interesting.

He had met Emperor Tianyun again. Furthermore, judging from the surrounding situation and Emperor Tianyun’s expression, Li Yu knew he was definitely here for the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit.

It was a pity that Emperor Tianyun’s strength could not compare to his luck. His luck was tremendous, so he had been directly teleported to the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit’s side.

“Hand over that fruit!” Emperor Tianyun snapped coldly with killing intent in his eyes.

After that, he glanced at Gu Yuqi, who had an icy cold gaze as well, and the corners of his mouth curled up into a smile while the greed in his heart swelled up again.

Since the heavens had sent this piece of fat meat to his mouth, how could he not eat it?

He fancied both the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit and Gu Yugi today.

Now that they were in the Blood Disc Immortal Vanquishing Array, they were simply fish on his chopping board and turtles in his jar.

“Why should I? Did you plant this tree?” Li Yu sneered.

Emperor Tianyun’s expression blackened further, and the war god phantom around him became more corporeal. The terrifying killing aura caused the color of the space around to darken.

“Why is Gu Yugi here!” A Lu family member who flew up from below exclaimed in surprise when he saw Gu Yugi.

His remark attracted the attention of Elder Wan Chu and Grand Primordium Holy Son Chang Hexiang.

They naturally knew Gu Yugji’s name. It was that dazzling name on the Sons of Heavens Rankings.

He was the prodigy at the late stage of Soul Formation who had advanced from 19th place to 15th place in a few days, surpassing Chang Hexiang, who was in the Profound Void Martial Stage.

Moreover, he was also from the Qingyun Sect, the same one as Li Yu.

In that case, Li Yu must be here as well.

Elder Wan Chu, Chang Hexiang, and the others immediately focused their attention on the person who had spoken to Emperor Tianyun earlier. They immediately guessed that it was Li Yu.

His appearance and bearing were too eye-catching. Only he was worthy of being the number one prodigy of the human race.

“Young friend, are you Qingyun Sect’s Li Yu?” Elder Wan Chu asked with a smile.

Chapter 116 Enemies Are Bound to Meet Again (2)
Li Yu looked at the crowd in the sky in surprise. Although he did not know them, they did not seem to be in cahoots with Emperor Tianyun, judging from their appearance and attire.

“I am!” Li Yu replied.

It caused a stir among the members of the Grand Primordium Holy Land. They were still surprised to see the top prodigy despite confirming their guesses.

So this child is the number one prodigy of the human race. He does have the superior looks and bearing of an immortal.

“I’ve heard a lot about you. Nice to meet you! I’m the Grand Primordium Holy Land’s Elder, Wan Chuzi!” Elder Wan Chu cupped his hands and smiled.

“Nice to meet you!” Li Yu smiled and cupped his hands in return.

“Wan Chuzi. You have no business here. Please leave!” Tian Yunzi glanced at Elder Wan Chu and ordered coldly.

After that, he looked at Li Yu again. “Hand over the fruit. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being merciless!”

“Tian Yunzi, the treasures in the Lingtian Mystic Realm are always first come, first serve. Since our young friend Li Yu’s company obtained that treasure first, it’s theirs. I don’t think what you’re doing is appropriate!” Elder Wan Chu criticized.

“Humph, first come, first serve? When I arrived, that fruit had just been born. I didn’t see anyone. If we’re talking about arriving first, I was the first to arrive. I don’t know what method this child used to teleport inside the tree vine and steal that fruit while I was fighting the ancient tree. So do you think he should hand over this fruit?” Emperor Tianyun snarled.

Elder Wan Chu paused before continuing, “I’m not trying to be a busybody. I’m just here to remind you that the opportunities in the Lingtian Mystic Realm are determined by fate. Don’t force it, much less kill each other for it!”

“I don’t need you to educate me. Are you done talking? If you are, get lost!” Emperor Tianyun’s voice became even icy. He was in no mood to listen to anyone lecture him. He was determined to obtain the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit and the Ancient God Body.

He had previously racked his brains to capture Gu Yuqi. Now that Gu Yuqi had come knocking on his door, how could he let him off?

Also, Li Yu offended him with rude remarks, becoming an enemy and injuring Hengyun. Emperor Tianyun could not spare such a person even if he was the number one prodigy. He was not like those people of the Holy Lands, identifying themselves as part of the orthodox sects and taking responsibility to care for the commoners of the world.

He cultivated for the sake of writing his own fortune, and he wanted to defy the heavens and break the shackles and the restraints of fate.

For this goal, he could sacrifice anything. “Li Yu, are you handing it over or not?” Emperor Tianyun’s voice was like a thunderclap reverberating between heaven and earth, pouring out massive pressure. The phantom of the war god outside his body became more majestic and mighty. Its aura became more overbearing. Thunder rumbled faintly between heaven and the earth. The golden chains of the Blood Disc Immortal Vanquishing Array were pulled back from the giant tree and instantly attacked Li Yu, Gu Yuqi, and the others.

“Tian Yunzi, no!” Elder Wan Chu shouted. However, he could do nothing as he was outside the array formation. He could only sweat for Li Yu.

as

Although he did not know what sort of formation it was, he knew that its might was unbelievably overwhelming the moment he sensed its power.

Even if Li Yu could withstand it, his fellow disciples would probably be killed by the grand formation on the spot. Rumble!

Golden chains came down with a majestic pressure. It was as if mountains were smashing down from the sky.

Li Yu knew that this pressure had no effect on him, but it was unbearable for his junior brothers and sisters behind him.

Emperor Tianyun was indeed ruthless. He did not care about the lives of others at all as he was attempting to obliterate Li Yu’s group.

“Humph!” Li Yu’s expression turned frosty as he unsheathed his sword.

As he slashed once, it was as if the world was being split apart. The void shook as thunder rumbled.

A gigantic sword shadow that reached the sky seemed to slash down with a deafening rumble. The might of the sword was vast while the sky darkened.

The incoming golden chains stopped in midair for a split second before they dissipated with loud cracks.

The phantom of the war god extending from Emperor Tianyun’s body dissipated along with the eighteen giant light beams.

Emperor Tianyun’s pupils widened as he looked horrified. His petrified expression froze on his face.

His hands trembled as he opened his mouth, but nothing came out as his body split in half and fell from the sky.

Emperor Tianyun never imagined that his life of dominance over the world for thousands of years would end like this.

At the same time, the massive being, hidden above the forest at the top of the mountain tens of thousands of kilometers above the clouds, immediately fled. It instantly disappeared without a trace, as if it had never appeared.

Gu Yuqi’s figure zoomed past and instantly arrived beside Emperor Tianyun’s corpse. She grabbed his storage magic treasure and flew back to Li Yu’s side.

“Patriarch!” Outside the array, everyone from the Lu family cried out in shock. Their minds went blank.

It was as if they had seen the collapse of the world. Their souls left their bodies as they were stunned on the spot.

Everyone from the Grand Primordium Holy Land was also dumbfounded. Elder Wan Chu’s eyes widened as he watched everything in shock while Li Yu calmly sheathed his sword.

Initially, he was worried for Li Yu. He did not expect such a turn of events.

Emperor Tianyun, who was already at the peak of the Mahayana Realm and was half a step into the Immortal level, whose strength was practically at the top of this world, was killed by a single strike from Li Yu without any chance to fight back.

What was even more unbelievable was that a casual strike from Li Yu had not only killed Tian Yunzi, but he had also destroyed the grand array formation that even he was wary of.

How terrifying is the might of this sword? How strong is Li Yu?

What does that unknown cultivation level represent? Elder Wan Chu felt extreme fear as he thought more about it. The shock in his heart was indescribable words.

He had seen top-notch experts in this world. Tian Yunzi was one of them, and there were a few stronger ones, such as their Holy Land’s Grand Elder.

However, compared to Li Yu, those experts didn’t seem to deserve their title.

Even their Holy Land’s Grand Elder could not kill Tian Yunzi and destroy the grand array formation.

After killing Emperor Tianyun, Li Yu cupped his hands at Elder Wan Chu and was about to leave.

Although the Lu family members were grieving, no one dared to speak or move.

They were afraid that Li Yu would find them an eyesore and silence them.

“Hold on, Cultivator Li!” Elder Wan Chu hurriedly stopped Li Yu and flew over.

Li Yu looked at Elder Wan Chu in surprise, wondering what he wanted to do. “Cultivator Li’s strength is indeed extraordinary. I’m absolutely amazed. I expected nothing less from the number one genius of our human race. I’m afraid the title of the top expert in the human race belongs to you!” Elder Wan Chu complimented.

“Senior, what do you need?” Li Yu asked. He knew that this old man was definitely not here to simply flatter him. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

“Hehe, Cultivator Li, you are certainly observant. I do have a presumptuous request,” Elder Wan Chu replied with a smile.

 Chapter 117 Luck
“I know that there is a grotto-heaven in this Lingtian Mystic Realm. There is an immortal hall inside, but the entrance is protected by a powerful array formation. For thousands of years, countless experts of our Holy Land have failed to break through this array.

“Thus, with your abilities, you might be able to give it a try. If you can break through the array formation, there must be a priceless treasure inside.

“If you can assist me inside, I won’t say a word on how you distribute the treasures inside. This hall intrigued me, and all I want is to investigate inside to fulfill my wish!” Elder Wan Chu stated solemnly with his sincere gaze.

After saying that, he cupped his hands and bowed. “I know that this is a little abrupt. I hope you can forgive my rudeness. Please consider my request since it’s a good opportunity. Plus, I saw the power you displayed just now. So I believe you have a high chance of entering that immortal hall!”

Li Yu remained expressionless, but he looked at Elder Wan Chu meaningfully and thought to himself.

You and I are strangers who have just met by chance, yet you’re inviting me to enter a random cave with you. A trap? 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

a

That said, judging from how this elder spoke for me earlier and his tone, it’s unlikely the case.

“Allow me to think about it. I have something important to do right now, so it’s not convenient for me at the moment!” Li Yu cupped his hands. He felt that the urgent matter at hand was to bring Ye Qiu along and complete the mission on the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s Treasury. As for whatever hall that was, he was in no hurry.

“Alright, Cultivator Li, please accept this token. You can contact me by inserting the ‘Hai’ character into this token anytime you wish to go!” Elder Wan Chu took out a token with the Grand Primordium Holy Land’s logo and handed it to Li Yu.

“Sure!” Li Yu took the token, cupped his hands, and bid farewell before flying off with his junior brothers and sisters.

There were directions provided in the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s treasure mission. He only needed to follow it to find the exact. “You’re saying that Junior Brother Wan Jie was the one who let go?” Li Yu asked Ji Qinglan.

“Yeah, I don’t know why Ninth Brother did that either. Eldest Senior Brother, can you find my Ninth Brother?” Ji Qinglan asked somewhat worriedly.

“I can, but we’ll let him off first!” Li Yu felt that Ji Wanjie had deliberately left to leave the group and go solo.

This guy must have a lot of secrets.

I guess there is a need to interrogate him properly. After flying for a long time, they suddenly heard a commotion of a group of people arguing from below. “Hmph, this Earth Saint Fruit is ours for sure!”

“That will depend on whether your Su Family has the ability. Chen disciples, listen up. We’re up for a fight!”

“Hey, hey, hey, Brother Su, Brother Chen, don’t ruin the goodwill of our families because of one Earth Saint Fruit. Since our three families have discovered this Earth Saint Fruit, why don’t we each send a junior of the same cultivation level to spar? The Earth Saint Fruit belongs to whoever wins!”

“Hmph, that’s needless since we’ll win. You better not deny your loss later!”

“Us Chen family won’t lose!”

Li Yu glanced at the source of the commotion. In the forest not far below, a large group of people was in an argument beside an old tree with a silver trunk and golden leaves.

An Earth Saint Fruit was hanging from the old tree, and Li Yu recognized it.

The Heavenly Dao Rankings had once rewarded him with an Earth Saint Fruit.

This fruit was a natural spirit herb and was indeed a precious treasure. An Earth Saint Fruit could allow a cultivator to improve his cultivation by at least five years.

Furthermore, the better one’s aptitude was, the greater the effect.

Not only that, but the Earth Saint Fruit could also improve one’s constitution.

At the same time, it contained a trace of the power of the earth. After consuming it, one could utilize a trace of the earth’s power in his magic power, making it more robust and powerful.

Li Yu’s knowledge of these came from Li Qingyun and Tang Chi. Tang Chi had consumed the Earth Saint Fruit and knew its effects well.

Therefore, Li Yu could understand why those cultivation families were fighting over the fruit.

Li Yu and the others flew past their heads

Immediately after that, as Li Yu and his company flew past this mountain and reached the opposite side, he was surprised to find more than ten Earth Saint Trees growing on the hillside. Each tree had at least three or four Earth Saint Fruits.

He saw at least a few dozen Earth Saint Fruits on the entire hillside at one glance.

“Holy shit, am I seeing things?!” Li Yu blinked his eyes forcefully as he could not believe his luck. Such rare Earth Saint Trees grow in clusters?

Furthermore, one tree here could grow several Earth Saint Fruits.

“Earth Saint Fruits! There are so many of them!” Tang Chi also saw the Earth Saint Fruits on the hillside and cried out in amazement.

He was the only person among them who had eaten the Earth Saint Fruit before, so he recognized them immediately. “There are actually so many Earth Saint Fruits!” Wu Chang flew out of Li Yu’s body in shock.

“Yeah. What kind of luck is this? I’ve never seen so many Earth Saint Fruits in the Immortal Domain all at once!” Elder Nie also came out in surprise.

Everyone quickly approached the hillside.

“Haha, those people almost fought over one Earth Sacred Fruit. They would never have thought that there would be that many here a mountain away!” Tang Chi laughed excitedly.

“Not everyone has such luck! Junior brothers and sisters, you’re in for a treat today!” Li Yu laughed.

“We have benefited from our eldest senior brother’s luck. I’m afraid we will never encounter such a fortuitous encounter in our lives!” Ye Qiu chuckled.

It was not flattery since it was the truth.

Ji Qinglan, Gu Yuqi, and the rest nodded with faces full of excitement.

Although Su Mu, Meng Xueqi, and the other younger disciples were also infected by their seniors’ enthusiasm, they did not know what the Earth Saint Fruit meant for them yet.

However, they need not ask much. From the reactions of Li Yu, Wu Chang, and Old Nie, it was not difficult to guess that they had found precious treasures.

“Hold on, these Earth Saint Fruits aren’t the only thing on this hillside!” Old Nie’s buzzing voice sounded again.

Elder Nie realized that many natural spirit herbs were growing on the forest floor as they approached the hillside.

There were over ten types of spirit herbs like Qilin Flower, Dragon Blood Grass, and Silver Feather Grass. There were at least a few of each kind, while that was only a rough observation.

“So many other natural spirit herbs are growing on this mountain. This is simply a natural spirit herb garden! Wow, this mountain is just amazing!” Elder Nie exclaimed. Even in the Immortal Domain, he had never heard of a place filled with natural herbs like this.

“But this mountain seems a little strange. Why are there so many natural herbs growing on it?” Elder Nie pointed out.

Chapter 118 What? Fell into a Pit?
There must be a reason for the anomaly There had to be something unusual about this mountain for it to nurture so many natural spirit herbs!

Li Yu and the others nodded in response to Elder Nie.

Even though they were happy to encounter so many natural spirit herbs at once, they agreed with Elder Nie that this mountain was particularly abnormal. “Tang Chi, Ye Qiu, bring three junior brothers to pluck the Earth Saint Fruits! Wu Chang, Elder Nie, you two will lead the rest to collect the spirit herbs on the ground!”

“Okay!” Everyone quickly took action and began to harvest those natural spirit herbs.

Meanwhile, Li Yu began to investigate the vicinity.

As Elder Nie had mentioned, this mountain peak was indeed strange.

The plants were lush and filled with vitality. There were many spirit herbs, but not a single animal could be seen.

“Why?” Li Yu vaguely felt that something was off.

Although there were not many animals in the forest on the way here, he could still see a few demon beasts and some peculiar creatures he had never seen before.

Even if it was a humanoid monster that looked like a zombie, it was still a creature.

However, apart from plants, there were no animals on this mountain.

Logically speaking, the nurturing process of natural spirit herbs takes extremely long. The bunch of precious spirit herbs was probably impossible to grow without tens of thousands of years.

It was strange that it had not been discovered for so many years and did not attract any demon beasts to eat.

Of course, if not for that, they would probably not have the chance to discover so many natural herbs at once.

“But are these natural herbs completely untouched? It can’t be that this place was hidden by a mysterious power, so it was never discovered?” Li Yu’s imagination ran wild.

Right at this moment, a shout sounded from the hillside, “Senior Brother Gu!”

Li Yu’s expression changed as his figure flashed as he rushed over rapidly.

Lu Yuming exclaimed in panic, “Eldest Senior Brother, Eldest Senior Brother! Senior Brother Gu fell into a trap!”

“What?” Li Yu’s forehead was filled with black lines, and he was astounded.

Fall into a pit?

Gu Yuqi is really a world wonder!

Struck by lightning, smashed by a meteorite, now falling into a trap?

What kind of unlucky physique is this?

And how did a cultivator manage to fall into a pit?

The more you know!

Gu Yuqi had an Ancient God Body and a late-stage Soul Formation Realm cultivation. He was definitely powerful enough.

How could he not notice a hole? And even if he did not see it, he could have jumped into the air immediately. How could he have fallen into a pit? Li Yu did not know whether to laugh or cry, but he also felt something was fishy.

He quickly rushed to the deep hole that Lu Yuming had mentioned.

A mysterious hole in a dense forest.

It seemed bottomless. Well, to be precise, it was pitch-black inside. Nothing could be seen. It was like a black hole that showed no trace of the light directed inside.

Not only that, but Li Yu also sensed strange devouring energy contained in the hole.

There’s something fishy about this. This isn’t an ordinary cave.

“Gu Yuqi!” Li Yu shouted a few times. His voice vanished into the cave without any echo.

“Looks like something is going on in this mountain!” Li Yu frowned, and he felt that it seemed to be related to the absence of animals here.

“Wait here with everyone else. I’ll go down and take a look!” Li Yu decided to enter the cave to investigate.

According to Yu Qi’s awesome luck, he might find another natural oddity after this fall.

When Li Yu jumped into the deep hole, he immediately sensed a strange power that instantly enveloped his body and dragged him down.

It was the same feeling as when they entered the Lingtian Mystic Realm through the teleportation array. He could not change his body’s posture, much less the direction. He could only remain like a falling leaf in the wind that fluttered down.

His surroundings were pitch-black, and there was no sound at all. Li Yu felt as if he had fallen into a black hole.

No wonder Gu Yuqi fell in here. This was no ordinary hole.

Soon, Li Yu finally landed. Sounds of fighting immediately sounded in his ears, and green light illuminated the area.

Li Yu focused his gaze. A monster formed from green flames the size of a mini-mountain and resembled a qilin was staring at him.

Gu Yuqi was circled by a ball of green flames and struggling madly inside. He kept using his magic power and magic treasures to resist the attacks of the green flames.

He was limping, and he looked exhausted. Clearly, he was on the brink of losing.

“Yuqi!” Li Yu exclaimed. With a flash, he zoomed into the green flames and pulled Gu Yuqi out.

Seeing how Li Yu managed to use his mortal body to pull Gu Yuqi out of the green flames, the monster seemed surprised and was stunned for a moment. “Ding!” The system interface popped up in front of Li Yu and displayed the monster’s information.

[Natural Oddity-Life Spirit True Flame]

Li Yu was once again at a loss whether to laugh or cry. Gu Yuqi was really unlucky to encounter such a fortuitous encounter. He had found another natural oddity just like that.

Life Spirit True Flame?

Furthermore, after seeing the system’s introduction of the Life Spirit True Flame, Li Yu understood why so many natural spirit herbs grew on the mountain, yet no demon beast or living being could be seen.

This Life Spirit True Flame contained rich energy. Any seed could rapidly grow and mature under its nourishment. A natural spirit herb that might only grow after ten thousand years would be ripe in a few decades under its nourishing.

Moreover, it was compatible with various spirit herbs.

This was also why there were so many natural spirit herbs on the hillside.

There was another side to this Life Spirit True Flame.

It would devour all kinds of living creatures and turn them into life energy. Powerful beings were even more attractive targets.

At the same time, like a flame, it naturally possessed a destructive power that could incinerate all matter.

It could be said that it was a combination of life and death. Rather than calling it the Life Spirit True Flame, it was better to call it the Life and Death Flame.

It was similar to Wu Chang, having already cultivated a high level of intelligence. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Of course, this Life Spirit True Flame was much more powerful than Wu Chang. It could probably incinerate Emperor Tianyun if it devoured him.

If not for the Ancient God Body, Gu Yuqi would probably be burnt to dregs at the first instant. Li Yu had arrived in time. However, Gu Yugi was already severely injured, judging from his appearance, and he could not even stand steadily.

“Human, the spirit herbs of Tianding Mountain were nurtured after I expended countless life energies. You can’t take them for free, so you two will become nourishment for me, the great flame today!”

The Life True Flame spoke in the human tongue, and its voice reverberated through the pitch-black space, so loud that even the deaf would be affected.

“Life Spirit True Flame, the great Li Yu see that it’s not easy for you to cultivate spiritual intelligence. If you submit to the great Li Yu, I shall spare your life. If not, the great Li Yu will beat you back to your original form and make you the fertilizer for me, the great Li Yu!” Li Yu imitated the Life Spirit True Flame’s form of address and responded with a teasing expression.

He was definitely going to bring this Life Spirit True Flame home. Its use was simply heaven-defying. If he buried this fertilizer in his spirit herb garden and scattered some seeds, it would not take long for him to harvest plenty of spirit herbs.

It was simply the best fertilizer in the world.

The main reason was that it could also produce natural spiritual herbs. Its function was too powerful.

Chapter 119: Qingyun Sect’s Ultimate Technique


“How dare you speak such nonsense in my territory! You’re already my food!” The Life Spirit True Flame roared.

‘Two balls of green flames appeared out of thin air and enveloped Li Yu and Gu Yugi.

Li Yu immediately felt the destructive power invading every cell in his body. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

It was as if his body was disintegrating while he felt his face distort.

Boom!

Almost at the same time, a thick bolt of lightning struck the Life Spirit True Flame.

It knelt on the ground with a plop, and its enormous body almost split apart.

“The damage reflection of this Limitless Merit Golden Body is not bad!” Li Yu teased.

He did not babble further. If he continued, Gu Yugi would lose his life.

He immediately threw a punch.

The flames that enveloped them and the massive body of the Life Spirit True Flame were reduced to a wisp of smoke.

However, Li Yu knew that this punch was insufficient to kill the True Flame.

He did not wish to kill this guy either.

A Life Spirit True Flame with intelligence was always better than one without it.

If he punched it back to its original form, its abilities would weaken.

However, right at this moment, the surrounding space shook violently. Balls of green flames appeared out of thin air, instantly filling the entire place.

It gave Li Yu a clear view of the environment he was in.

The sealed space was huge, with no passageway seen.

It seemed like copper walls and iron walls in all directions, with many giant rune imprints engraved on them.

“Human, I’ll refine you!” The furious roar of the Life Spirit True Flame reverberated through the entire space again.

However, Tang Chi, Ye Qiu, Wu Chang, and the others had already gathered most of the natural herbs on the mountain with shocked expressions.

‘The mountain began trembling non-stop, as if there was an earthquake, sparking constant rumbling sounds.

Another bolt of lightning had descended, but it vanished into the ground.

“There’s something fishy about this mountain!”

“I wonder how our Eldest Senior Brother and Junior Brother Gu are doing!”

“Our Eldest Senior Brother is probably fighting with something in the middle of the mountain!”

“Hmm, that’s possible!”

Meanwhile, another lightning bolt descended from the sky and vanished into the mountain.

A group of figures flew over from afar and arrived in an instant.

“Father, there are so many Earth Saint Trees here!”

“There are more than ten trees at a glance, but those guys must have picked the Earth Saint Fruit!”

“Hey, there’s actually a natural oddity with cultivation too. We are in luck!”

This group of people was the ones who had almost brawled over an Earth Saint Fruit.

After the three families had decided on the victor and the ownership of that Earth Saint Fruit, they got attracted by the random bolt of lightning earlier on.

To think that they managed to discover such an extraordinary place!

‘There were more than ten Earth Saint Trees at one glance.

Furthermore, there were obvious signs of fruits being plucked from the trees on closer inspection.

Obviously, it was done by the few youths on the mountain and a personified profound fire.

‘As the saying goes, humans die for wealth, and birds die for food. Seeing so many Earth Saint Trees, the intention to kill and rob grew among them.

“Hey, did you take the Earth Saint Fruits here?” A mean, arrogant old man asked coldly.

He was the Grand Elder of the Su family, a cultivation family in the Great Zenith Domain.

“It’s none of your business!” Tang Chi replied coldly. He knew these people had ill intentions, so he was direct.

“Hand over everything if you don’t wish to die. We were the ones who discovered the Earth Saint Fruit here first!” the Grand Elder of the Su Family demanded shamelessly.

In his perception, the highest cultivation among these youngsters was that profound fire, but it was only at the initial stage of the Profound Void Martial Stage.

‘The rest were a group of juniors with weaker cultivation levels. There was nothing to fear.

‘There were six Profound Void Martial Stage experts from the three families. If they joined forces, killing them was a simple task.

‘That was why he dared to spout nonsense.

After all, the Earth Saint Fruits were too tempting.

“Bullsh*t! How can there be such a shameless person like you? Aren’t you afraid of being struck by lightning?!” Tang Chi scolded.

Beside him, Wu Chang, Ji Qinglan, and Su Mu had faces filled with anger as they looked at the crowd in the air coldly.

“Hmph, ignorant child. I think you’re tired of living. If you don’t hand over the Earth Saint Fruit, don’t blame me for any grievous casualties!” the Grand Elder of the Su Family snapped coldly.

The people from the three families also had cold smiles. It was not difficult to guess that the youngsters were from a small sect at one glance.

‘They would definitely not send such weak juniors to the Lingtian Mystic Realm if they were a large sect.

Even if they did, they would be protected by many Soul Formation Stage and Profound Void Martial Stage experts.

‘Tang Chi’s expression remained firm and fearless upon hearing the old man’s words. He even put on his stance.

The surrounding juniors were alerted to see Tang Chi’s actions.

Is our Second Senior Brother about to showcase the Ultimate Qingyun Sect technique that our Eldest Senior Brother had taught us?

That supreme ultimate technique formed from the combination of the Lion’s Roar and the One-finger Death Touch!

1

‘Tang Chi’s strange actions baffled the people from the three large families. They did not know what this Golden Core realm kid was up to.

However, in the next second, Tang Chi hooked his index finger and shouted, “Come at me!”

The voice was imposing, and his gaze was as sharp as a hawk.

‘These words shocked the three family clans. It gave them a fright for a moment.

“Humph, you’re still too inexperienced to play empty fort strategy with me!” The Su Family’s Grand Elder sneered.

He immediately released his aura, and pressure poured out. His magic power surged as he raised his hand to beat Tang Chi to death.

Then, a bolt of lightning struck his head.

1

Bang!

The Grand Elder of the Su Family was charred black from the strike and fell from the sky.

Silence rang out.

The people from the three large families were as quiet as cicadas in the winter, revealing faces of horror.

‘They looked at the Su Family’s Grand Elder, who had been struck down by the lightning, and Tang Chi in horror.

There’s something odd with this kid!

This thought surfaced in their minds.

This boy was fearless when facing the Su Family’s Grand Elder just now. Clearly, he had some sort of trump card. That lightning just now was also extremely strange.

It appeared silently with shocking power. Even the Grand Elder of the Su family was shot down.

Although he did not look dead, he seemed unconscious. He was probably severely injured.

Therefore, although everyone was still thinking about the Earth Saint Fruits, no one dared to act rashly.

At the very least, they had to understand what had just happened.

I knew it. Senior Brother’s merit has blessed all of us. Whoever dares to kill us will be struck by lightning!

‘Tang Chi was secretly delighted.

The previous incident with Mo Wuhui made them know about Li Yu’s Limitless Merit Golden Body, which was why Tang Chi became so confident just now.

Li Yu’s Limitless Merit Golden Body was too invincible. It was simply a god of thunder serving as their bodyguard.

Chapter 120: Mountain Gone


Boom boom boom boom boom.

The mountain’s interior. Li Yu’s body zoomed into countless figures, filling the entire space while his fist shadows rattled off.

The green flames engulfing the entire confined space dissipated into thin air again.

Li Yu did not stop as he kept punching the surrounding metal walls.

‘The metal wall immediately flickered with green light, and it even cracked open.

“Stop, stop, stop! Stop! I submit! I submit!” The Life Spirit True Flame’s voice echoed again.

Immediately, it condensed again, and its front hooves knelt on the ground as it lowered its head in submission.

“Immortal Venerable, please spare my life and stop hitting the cauldron. Any more and this cauldron will shatter. I’m willing to submit. Please spare my life, Immortal Venerable!” The Life Spirit True Flame knelt on the ground and trembled.

How could it have imagined that a fellow with a mortal body could become so terrifying?

‘The power of each punch could absolutely destroy the world. It was simply too terrifying.

This person was not as simple as he seemed.

Perhaps a Perfected Immortal or Golden Immortal was pretending to be weak here.

“Too late. It’ll be safer if I beat you back to your original form!” Li Yu rubbed his fist as he spoke.

“No, no, please spare my life, Immortal Venerable. It’s not easy for me to cultivate into my current state. Please let me off!” the Life Spirit True Flame begged profusely.

“If [let you off, what about my junior brother’s injuries? Look at him. He’s almost cooked by you!” Li Yu pointed at the heavily injured Gu Yuqi on the ground.

“I-Ican treat his injuries!” Immediately, a ball of green flames enveloped Gu Yugi, and his injuries began to recover.

“Junior Brother, how are you feeling?” Li Yu looked at Gu Yugi.

“I’ve basically recovered. Thank you, Senior Brother. I’ve brought you too much trouble!” Gu Yuqi had a bitter expression.

He was also helpless with all the misfortunes.

What is wrong with me? Why are there all sorts of bizarre and unlucky events dropping on my head?

Is it really like what my senior brother said? This happens when heaven is about to confer a great responsibility on man?

“Hmph, Life Spirit True Flame, if you’re willing to submit to me, you have to show some sincerity!” said Li Yu.

He knew that this Life Spirit True Flame was not just a natural oddity.

“Of course. To be honest, I’m the cauldron spirit of this Heaven and Earth Cauldron and also a cauldron fire. The place you are at now is the bottom of this cauldron. I can bring you to the upper level of the cauldron with many immortal pills and sacred herbs. Immortal Venerable, I’m willing to submit to

you. In the future, this Heaven and Earth Cauldron will belong to you,” said the True Fire respectfully.

A smile flashed through Li Yu’s eyes when he heard that. He gained something excellent.

Although he had long guessed that this Life Spirit True Flame was an artifact spirit, he did not expect to obtain immortal pills and sacred herbs through it.

Furthermore, this Heaven and Earth Cauldron sounded awesome. It should be an extraordinary treasure.

“Mm, very well. Bring me there then!” Li Yu said in a low voice.

“Immortal Venerable, please follow me!” The Life Spirit True Flame flew up. At the same time, a deep passage appeared on the top.

Li Yu and Gu Yugi looked at each other and flew up together. In the end, they arrived in a larger space. It was also surrounded by iron walls with countless giant runes and strange patterns carved.

Not only that, but 29 pills floated in the air.

Those pills looked heavenly, while some resembled Heaven Earth Dao Fruit.

It was as if every pill had a world of its own.

The Life Spirit True Flame introduced the names and effects of various immortal pills and sacred medicines in detail to Li Yu. Sacred medicine were pills of a higher grade than immortal pills, and they were also more precious.

There were three of such pills here. According to the Life Spirit True Flame, one could only consume them at the Mahayana Realm. One sacred medicine could assist one to become an immortal. It also contained the power of the Great Dao, helping the user improve his Dao comprehension.

There were a total of 26 immortal pills. They were treasures that immortals used daily to assist in their cultivation. However, to mortal cultivators, it could change their fate.

The effect was roughly similar to the Heavenly Spirit Pills, but it was more effective by several times. The most important thing was that one immortal pill could improve a cultivator’s cultivation progress by a hundred years.

“Not bad, not bad!” Li Yu accepted the pills and pills happily.

1

With these immortal pills and sacred medicines, he could practically mass-produce immortals.

Furthermore, after obtaining this Life Spirit True Flame, he did not have to worry about not having any immortal pills or sacred medicines.

“Immortal Venerable, you only need a drop of blood essence to make me accept you as my master. You can control this Heaven and Earth Cauldron freely after that!” the Life Spirit True Flame added.

Li Yu nodded and cut his finger to drip a drop of blood. The Life Spirit True Flame absorbed the blood essence, causing the entire cauldron to tremble.

At the same time, Li Yu felt a strange connection between his body and the cauldron.

It was as if the cauldron was a part of his body, something that he could control freely.

He instantly received a complete understanding of the cauldron. The cauldron was gigantic, beyond his expectation.

It seemed that the mountain was only a part of the cauldron. If he kept it away, the mountain would disappear instantly.

I wonder if they have finished gathering the spirit herbs!

Li Yu thought, then with a command in his mind, a dark passageway appeared above the cauldron.

It was the one through which Li Yu and Gu Yugi had been sucked into the cauldron. It was now under his control.

Li Yu brought Gu Yugi into the passage and returned to the hillside. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

“Hmm?” When they returned to the ground, Li Yu immediately noticed the group of people in midair.

He recognized the three cultivation families who had almost fought over the Earth Saint Fruit.

Li Yu brought Gu Yugi to Tang Chi and the others in an instant.

“Senior Brother, you’re back. Is Junior Brother Gu alright?” Tang Chi beamed with joy when he saw that Li Yu and Gu Yugi had returned safely.

Wu Chang, Ji Qinglan, Su Mu, and the others showed faces of joy. They had just sensed that the ground quaking had disappeared. They knew Li Yu was likely returning soon.

“It’s all settled. This mountain is really not simple. I just received a nice treasure. I’ll tell you guys more later. What’s wrong with these people? Are they here to rob the natural spirit herbs?”

Li Yu knew the purpose of their visit without even thinking.

“That’s right, Senior Brother. They said they were the ones who first discovered the Earth Saint Fruits here and demanded us to hand it over!” Tang Chi complained.

“Who’s that shameless?!” Li Yu’s gaze turned cold as he turned to look at the crowd in the air.

“That guy was struck by lightning and just woke up. It’s that guy whose entire body is toasted!” Tang Chi pointed at the Su family’s Grand Elder in the air.

Li Yu shot a glance and could not be bothered with them.

After all, there were too many such clowns. They liked to show off even though they were weak. The experience points he would earn after killing them were negligible, so he was not interested.

“Have you gathered all the spirit herbs on this mountain?” Li Yu asked his juniors.

Everyone nodded.

“Alright, we’ll leave this mountain. I’m keeping my treasures!” Li Yu requested with a smile, and then he soared into the sky with everyone.

Everyone looked at Li Yu curiously, wondering what the treasure he was talking about.

Immediately after, the mountain in front of him suddenly trembled violently. Rumbling sounds shook the earth, and the ground on the hillside began to collapse as if the heavens were collapsing, Sand and stones flew, and trees fell. It was a horrifying sight.

Before long, one towering mountain disappeared, and a huge pit was left behind.

After that, a ray of light flashed and vanished into Li Yu’s palm.

“The… The mountain is gone?” The eyes of the three families in the air were about to pop out as they were shocked.

Chapter 121: Gu Yuqi on the Rankings


After their shock, the members of the three family clans could roughly guess what was going on.

With so many Earth Saint Trees on the mountain, this place was definitely not ordinary. They had also seen a ray of light fly out from the collapsed mountain peak.

“There must have been some unique treasure in this mountain taken by that kid!”

At the thought of this, their greed surged. That treasure must be exceptional to produce so many natural spirit herbs here.

However, when they thought of the strange lightning just now, they were conflicted for a moment out of fear.

“Hey, aren’t you guys leaving yet? Are you waiting to watch a show?” Li Yu looked at the group of people in the air and yelled.

The people from the three family clans did not reply. Their eyes flickered as they communicated with their divine senses.

They had all come to the Lingtian Mystic Realm to seek treasures and opportunities. They could not bear to give up such an unparalleled opportunity today for nothing.

It was a competition. It was even more so in the Lingtian Mystic Realm, not to mention what the treasures in the mountain were.

Those Earth Saint Fruits alone were enough to make them want to butcher and rob.

As for the lightning just now, it was indeed strange, but they tend to believe that it was a coincidence. Furthermore, the lightning was not fatal.

In any case, they had so many experts. It was not like they could not beat these few people.

Even if they could not win, it would not be easy for the other party to kill them.

Therefore, they would prefer to take a big gamble than allow such an opportunity to slip away.

Li Yu slightly frowned when he saw the expressions and gazes of the people from the three clans.

They probably haven’t given up. Curiosity killed the cat, and the same goes for greed!

“We don’t want to talk nonsense with you either. Hand over the treasure! Our three great clans can spare your lives!” Another old man said coldly.

Seeing the killing intent in their eyes, Li Yu shook his head helplessly as he released his aura and assumed his stance.

Since they sought death, no one could blame him for being cruel.

“Little Green, I’ve found some nutrients for you!” Li Yu flipped his palm as a palm-sized tiny cauldron appeared in his palm.

“You guys want it?” Li Yu teased.

The elders were pleasantly surprised when they saw the small cauldron. It was clearly extraordinary and gave off a dense vitality. No wonder there were so many Earth Saint Fruits here.

This cauldron was at least at the Dao Artifact level. A Great Dao Artifact was a treasure that was a hundred times more precious than an Immortal Artifact.

“Hand it over, and I can spare your lives!” the old man repeated.

“Since you guys want it, here you go!” Li Yu chuckled as he threw the Heaven and Earth Cauldron toward the three families.

“At least you’re wise enough to give up!” The old man smiled proudly.

On his way to pick up the small cauldron, he saw the elders of the other two family clans rushing over.

He was shocked and immediately darted forward as well.

However, right at this moment, the palm-sized cauldron grew larger. It instantly became incomparably huge, like a mountain that enveloped an area of the sky.

At the same time, a terrifying suction force came from the cauldron and instantly targeted the people from the three family clans.

oe

The expressions of the members of the three families changed. They tried to escape, but they could not break free from the suction power of the cauldron at all. They were instantly sucked into it.

Whir.

Dense green flames rose and enveloped the members of the three large families.

Their expressions drastically changed as they struggled and shouted in horror, but they were unable to break free from the flames.

In just a moment, the tragic cries disappeared. Everyone from the three large family clans was incinerated to ashes, and their vitality was sucked dry by the Life Spirit True Flame.

A burp sounded from the cauldron.

Everyone from the Qingyun Sect was shocked at the scene.

‘They were not surprised by Li Yu’s ruthlessness and decisiveness. Instead, they were shocked by how extraordinary the cauldron was.

In their opinion, the people from the three families were greedy and black-hearted.

If their sect did not have an expert like Li Yu, if they were really just a small sect with insufficient strength, they would probably get eaten up by these people until not a single bone was left.

According to the style of these families, they had killed and robbed plenty of people in the past. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Li Yu remembered what Perfected Yu Hua mentioned in the past. Among the various countries of the Huaxia Continent’s North Region that came here, not many had died at the hands of the native demons and ghosts of the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

Most died in the hands of those black-hearted cultivators who killed and looted.

These families seemed to cultivate the orthodox path on the surface, but they did despicable business. Leaving them alive would only harm society, so it was better to burn them all.

“Senior Brother, so this is that treasure you obtained from inside the mountain!” Tang Chi asked in surprise.

“Yep. All the spirit herbs in this mountain were born from this cauldron spirit.” Li Yu replied with a smile, and he put the Heaven and Earth Cauldron away again.

“This cauldron spirit is a True Fire!” Wu Chang was also shocked. He could sense that the green flames in the cauldron were unusual.

“Yeah, it’s similar to you. It’s a true fire that has cultivated intelligence. It’s a Life Spirit True Flame. I named it Little Green!” Li Yu summoned the True Flame.1

It could not leave the cauldron entirely, so it only manifested an egg-sized body on the surface.

It looked like a mini version of a Qilin Beast, small and cute.

“Thank you for the meal, Immortal Venerable!” The Life Spirit True Flame said in the human tongue.

Everyone was pleasantly surprised. However, they had seen extraordinary items like the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree and the Immortal Spring before, so they had gotten used to such things.

Li Yu put away the Heaven and Earth Cauldron and looked at everyone. “How many Earth Saint Fruits have you guys just collected?”

A total of 63 Earth Saint Fruits!” Wu Chang answered.

Other than the Earth Saint Fruit, they had also picked over a hundred natural spirit herbs. It was a good harvest.

“Not bad, not bad. We’ll split it evenly. Each will get six pills, and I’ll take the remaining three. Why don’t you eat them now? It’ll also improve your cultivation a little!” Li Yu suggested.

Although Gu Yuqi’s matter was daunting but not dangerous, it still sounded an alarm for Li Yu.

There were too many strange and unexpected dangers in the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

If anyone else other than Gu Yuqi had fallen into the Heaven and Earth Cauldron today, they would probably have been burnt to ashes before he could rush over.

Although he was strong enough, he could not protect every one of them all the time. They had to become strong enough themselves.

Therefore, Li Yu decided he would have them use those natural herbs and immortal pills to improve their cultivation on the spot before heading to the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s Hidden Treasury.

The Earth Saint Fruits could increase one’s cultivation by at least five years, and six of them was equivalent to thirty years.

With the talent of these juniors, these six Earth Saint Fruits could probably increase their cultivation by at least a minor realm.

For example, those junior brothers and sisters who had just entered the sect and had low cultivation levels even had the chance to directly break through a major realm and enter the Golden Core Realm.

If they combined it with the Immortal Spring that they brought along, plus the other natural spirit herbs and immortal pills. There was definitely a chance that these genius disciples could improve their cultivation levels to the Soul Formation Stage in a short period.

In the Clear Void Holy Land. After the last wave of cultivators flew into the teleportation array formation, the spatial vortex began to shrink before finally closing.

Meanwhile, the information about Emperor Hengyun had already disappeared from the Genius Excellence Rankings in the sky. Anew name on the rankings.

Excellence Rankings # 50: Gu Yugi.

Identity: Qingyun Sect Master’s personal disciple

Origin: Human Race’s Qingyun Sect

Chapter 122 Is Qingyun Sect That Rich?
When they saw Gu Yuqi’s name on the rankings, countless people watching the rankings were surprised.

They were all too familiar with this name. It had only recently surpassed the Holy Son of the Grand Primordium Holy Land and caused a stir.

Therefore, many people were curious about Gu Yuqi. Who was Gu Yuqi? They wanted to see his elegant demeanor. As for why the rankings were updated, everyone understood after some thought that it was probably because Emperor Hengyun was already dead, so he was replaced in the 50th position on the rankings.

Four words surfaced on the ranking again: “Elegance Exhibition.”

A giant screen surfaced in the sky again. A bald man was standing on a mountain peak, staring at the sky with a heavy expression.

Although Gu Yuqi’s appearance and temperament were not considered exceptional, he still looked heroic and handsome. Coupled with the Ancient God Body, he had a unique charm.

However, everyone knew that Gu Yugi probably would not have made it onto the rankings if not for the death of Emperor Hengyun.

“Gasp, this forehead is so shiny!”

“Although this kid looks pretty handsome, this bald head does make him stand out!”

“Haha, speaking of which, his shiny head is too eye-catching. It’s easy to overlook his appearance!”

As everyone was paying attention to Gu Yuqi’s bald head, they heard Gu Yuqi suddenly say, “Tian Yunzi, you destroyed my sect to snatch my Ancient Divine Body. I, Gu Yuqi, will take revenge sooner or later!” “Mm?”

Countless cultivators gasped with faces of shock.

It was especially so for the Clear Void Holy Land and the other factions of the Huaxia continent’s Southern Region.

This was too much information.

“No wonder Gu Yuqi’s sect was destroyed not long after entering the 3000 Physique Rankings! He also went missing for a while! It turns out that Emperor Tianyun wanted to steal his Ancient God Body!”

“Tsk tsk, I never thought that Emperor Tianyun would do such a thing!” “No wonder Emperor Hengyun died so miserably just now. It’s all retribution!”

“That’s right. Looks like it’s retribution. The merit accumulated by the Lu family’s ancestors was likely squandered by Emperor Tianyun. Destroying a sect and stealing someone’s physique is something only the demonic sects would do!”

“Oh heavens, I didn’t expect Tian Yunzi to be such a person. You really can’t judge a book by its cover!”

“Let us not talk nonsense lest Tianyun Zi takes revenge on you!”

Countless cultivators conversed. As for the Elders guarding the Clear Void Holy Land, they were also surprised.

“No wonder Li Yu spoke like that when he saw Tian Yunzi today. So it was because of Gu Yuqi!” They had heard about the banquet.

“Yes. I thought that Li Yu was intentionally stirring up trouble. I didn’t expect that Emperor Tianyun had no morals. Li Yu was right. Meeting someone is not as good as hearing about them. Tian Yunzi’s actions are truly despicable!” “The heavens are watching what people do. Isn’t this retribution for him? The Heavenly Dao Rankings have exposed everything. Tiar Yunzi’s reputation will probably be swept to the ground, and the Heavenly Fate Dynasty will be humiliated. I guess people should do more good things after all!” Gu Yuqi’s ‘Elegance Exhibition’ was a heavyweight bomb. It shook the world and caused countless people to scoff at the Heavenly Fate Emperor.

Even the demonic sects and the demons were filled with ridicule, laughing at Tian Yunzi for being a sanctimonious fellow and loathing his actions.

However, they did not know that Emperor Tianyun had already suffered retribution. Not only was he dead, but his reputation had also been ruined.

The results of the Excellence Rankings were the same as before. After displaying Gu Yuqi’s elegant appearance, the live footage began appearing

The footage in the sky cut to an ancient and dense forest.

The main character was still Gu Yuqi. He was holding six Earth Saint Fruits with a joyous expression.

“Junior Brother, these six Earth Saint Fruits should be able to assist you in breaking through to the Profound Void Martial Stage.” A voice sounded.

“Thank you, Senior Brother. I will work hard to enter the Profound Void Martial Stage!” Gu Yuqi replied with a big smile.

Then, he picked up an Earth Saint Fruit and took a big bite as though he was eating an apple.

“Don’t be too stressed. If six Earth Saint Fruits can’t help you break through, I’ll give you a few more Silver Dragon Grass when the time comes. Anyway, we have plenty of these herbs. Just eat until it’s enough, haha…”

At this moment, countless people’s jaws almost dropped, and many were jealous.

What the F*ck, he gave Gu Yuqi six Earth Saint Fruits at once, and the natural spirit herbs were aplenty for consumption!

How rich is the Qingyun Sect?

Not even the Holy Lands could be so generous! No wonder Gu Yuqi could advance from the initial stage of the Soul Formation Stage to the late stage in a few days. No wonder the Qingyun Sect could produce the number one prodigy of the human race.

He’s eating natural spiritual herbs like rice. Who can compare to that!

However, speaking of this, countless people were increasingly curious about the background of the Qingyun Sect to be so generous. Natural spirit herbs!

Those were rare treasures! They were something that should only be chanced upon by luck.

Although the Earth Saint Fruit was not considered the best natural spirit herb, it was still a precious one that only matures in a hundred years.

The Silver Dragon Grass was a top-grade natural spirit herb that even the Holy Lands did not have a lot of.

They would not let their disciples use them so freely because it was too precious. “Thanks, Senior Brother. It should be about time. Well, the Lingtian Mystic Realm is filled with danger. If I can enter the Profound Void Martial Stage, I can help you share the burden and save you the trouble of protecting me!” Gu Yuqi thanked Li Yu.

“The Profound Void Martial Stage is not enough. It’s best if you can enter the Mahayana Realm!”

“Mahayana Realm? Heh. I wouldn’t dare to think about that for the time being.” Gu Yuqi rubbed his shiny head.

“Don’t worry. After you finish these natural spirit herbs, I’ll give you two more immortal pills to eat. Each can improve your cultivation by a hundred years. You’ll probably reach the Mahayana Realm with at most two with your Ancient God Body!

“And I just obtained some sacred medicines. I’ll give you one later and develop you into the strongest disciple in the sect besides me!”

“Immortal pill? Sacred medicine!” Gu Yuqi’s eyes widened in surprise, unable to believe what he had just heard.

However, he did not know that countless cultivators were more surprised than him worldwide.

They thought that it was ridiculous enough to have enough natural spirit herbs.

No one expected there were immortal pills!

Now Li Yu mentioned that he also had sacred medicines and is giving one to Gu Yuqi!

Sacred medicine! The kind of pill that only existed in legends! The kind that was way more precious than immortal pills!

This was a supreme treasure that could drive any top experts crazy.

It was said that a single sacred medicine could allow a mortal to attain immortality.

The information contained in Li Yu and Gu Yuqi’s conversation was simply too astonishing and explosive.

Everyone was astounded. Even the seven Holy Lands, the five fiend sects, and the various demon races were shocked.

Everyone was even more envious of Gu Yuqi’s luck.

Did this kid save the universe in his previous life?

What virtues and abilities did Gu Yuqi have to make the Qingyun Sect think so highly of this child that they were willing to give him a sacred pill?

Comparisons are odious!


Chapter 123 No Comparisons, No Harm (1)
“Yeah, that’s right. Let me show you!” Li Yu took out a sacred medicine and handed it to Gu Yuqi. “I’m not lying to you, so go on and make sure you take second place on the Sons of Heaven Rankings!”

When they saw the sacred pill appear on the screen, the eyes of countless people watching the rankings widened.

It was especially true for some older cultivators, who looked at the sacred medicine like dirty old men looking at beauties enviously.

They wished they could become Gu Yuqi at this moment. If Li Yu rewarded them with one sacred pill, they would even call him godfather.

After all, the sacred medicine was a pill that could help them achieve immortality.

Why had they cultivated for hundreds and thousands of years?

Wasn’t it all for the sake of attaining immortality!

“Thank you, Senior Brother. You’re too nice to me. I-I don’t even know what to say anymore. Don’t worry. Once I enter the Mahayana Realm, I’ll share Senior Brother’s burden and protect the safety of our fellow disciples!” Gu Yuqi agitatedly responded as he felt even more grateful.

“Ahem. I’m not doing this to make you protect everyone for me. I’m just a little concerned about your safety!

“You know that your unlucky physique is really a headache… “You have been struck by lightning, smashed by a meteorite. Today, you fell into a deep hole. I wonder what kind of disaster you’ll meet next time! Thus, it’s safer for you to become stronger!” “Heh, yes, yes. I’ve really troubled you, Senior Brother!” Gu Yuqi smiled awkwardly. He knew that Li Yu was worried about him and was moved.

He had almost lost his life today. If his senior brother had not arrived in time, he would probably have become the nourishment of the Life Spirit True Flame by now.

Therefore, to withstand the various trials and tribulations of the heavens, he had to become stronger as soon as possible. This way, he could save his senior brother some trouble.

At this point, the expressions of everyone who watched the rankings became strange. Many could not help but laugh unkindly.

Struck by lightning, smashed by a meteorite, and fell into a hole?

Gu Yuqi’s experience is really bizarre!

“Haha, Gu Yuqi is really unlucky. It’s fine if he got struck by lightning, but it’s the first time I’ve heard of a meteorite smashing into him. And falling into a hole. This hole isn’t simple if a cultivator can fall into it!”

“Haha, that’s right, that’s right. Is this what extraordinary people must experience?”

“No wonder he could enjoy such treatment. We aren’t worthy compared to him!”

Gu Yuqi could not know that his conversation with Li Yu had been exposed by the Heavenly Dao Rankings. His bizarre experience was now known by everyone.

It was definitely a form of social death!

However, most people were focused on the natural spirit herbs, immortal pills, and sacred medicines.

They could tell from the conversation that those precious treasures seemed to be recently obtained by Li Yu.

In other words, Li Yu and his group had already obtained such a supreme fortune in the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

Inside the Clear Void Holy Land. The elders looked at each other in shock. “How long has Li Yu been in the Lingtian Mystic Realm? And he has already obtained so many opportunities?”

“Moreover, over the years, the number of people who could find sacred medicines in the Lingtian Mystic Realm can be counted on one’s fingers, and every one of them obtained it after great difficulties. Li Yu’s speed of obtaining such precious treasures as soon as he entered the Lingtian Mystic Realm is truly unbelievable!”

“Yeah, if he could casually take out the sacred medicine for his junior brother. It should mean that he had obtained more than one holy medicine!”

“As expected of someone blessed by the heavens and providence. He really does encounter supreme opportunities wherever he goes. It’s pointless to be envious of him!”

“Sigh, no wonder this kid is so monstrous. His luck is really heaven-defying!”

“Hmm. But then again, this is great for our orthodox sects. I hope Li Yu can obtain more treasures this time and nurture more top experts for the orthodox path!”

In the Endless Sea, the Thousand Dragon Island Dragon Palace.

The elders of the Azure Dragon Race looked at the Genius Excellence Rankings with complicated expressions. “If I’m not wrong, the person who spoke to Gu Yuqi should be the top human prodigy, Li Yu!” “It must be him. This boy’s luck is really shocking! He actually obtained sacred medicines!”

“The last time humans obtained sacred medicines in the Lingtian Mystic Realm was more than 20,000 years ago, right?” “Hmm, indeed. Looks like the fortune of the human race has surged again. This sacred pill can make an immortal! I wonder how many Li Yu obtained!”

“If he can give one to his junior brother, he should have at least two. He must have left one for himself! The key is that he seems to have obtained a lot of immortal pills!”

“The world is going to change!”

“There’s no need to be so pessimistic. I believe this is mainly because Li Yu is at the top of the Sons of Heaven Rankings. The Heavenly Dao rewarded him with an increase in his luck, which is why he met such an opportunity. Long Ao has also obtained an increase in luck as a reward. Perhaps he can obtain a sacred medicine in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm or some other heaven-defying fortune!”

“Mm, but we can’t leave our Azure Dragon Race to fate. We must act. Send someone to check on the Qingyun Sect!”

“Yes, that’s good too. We’ll have two strings to our bow!”


In the Lingtian Mystic Realm. After Li Yu chatted with Gu Yuqi, he walked to the side alone and guarded his junior brothers and sisters.

Everyone had already eaten the Earth Saint Fruit and began to meditate on the spot to refine and absorb the medicinal essence.

 
Chapter 124 No Comparisons, No Harm (2)
Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Before long, a golden light manifested from the void and entered Gu Yuqi’s body with a flash.

Li Yu’s eyes sparkled. He was familiar with the aura from that golden light. It was the light when the Heavenly Dao Rankings were issuing a reward.

Did the Heavenly Dao Rankings release another ranking? Or… Gu Yuqi got into the Genius Excellence Rankings!

Li Yu pondered for a moment. He soon found an answer in his heart.

It must be the latter. Emperor Hengyun is dead, and it was likely that Gu Yuqi replaced him in the 50th place.

If that was the case, won’t my conversation with Gu Yuqi get leaked by the Heavenly Dao Rankings?

“Oops, I guess I was flaunting my wealth!” Li Yu smiled.

However, he did not pay too much attention to it. He could not see the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the Lingtian Mystic Realm, so he was not afraid that someone would come to raid him. Even if they did, they would only be sending themselves to death.

As for the Qingyun Sect, it would probably be remembered by many people.

However, he was not worried. With the Limitless Merit Golden Body and the protection of the Heavenly Thunder, no one could harm the Qingyun Sect.

As the golden light entered Gu Yuqi’s body, his aura immediately rose steadily. Magic power surged around him as rich spiritual energy gathered into a stream that lingered around Gu Yuqi.

After a moment, a majestic aura erupted from Yu Qi’s body, and the power of heaven and earth gathered around him.

Seven-colored light surfaced on his body, rippling like water ripples. It was extremely dazzling, and golden light beams shot out. Under the golden light, a humongous phantom appeared in the sky behind Gu Yuqi, holding a battle-axe that seemed to control the power of creation.

Li Yu was beaming.

Gu Yuqi should have just stepped into the Profound Void Martial Stage. Judging from the phantom behind him, the bloodline power of the ancient gods had probably awakened further.

Days passed. Gu Yuqi’s cultivation level increased by ten years each day. His speed of improvement was simply shocking.

His cultivation potential was already high, and his refinement speed was faster.

Furthermore, due to the further awakening of his Ancient God body’s bloodline power, he managed to refine six Earth Saint Fruits in less than four days. His cultivation had also advanced from Soul Formation Late Stage to the Profound Void Martial Late Stage.

Afterward, Li Yu gave him two immortal pills to continue breaking through the Tribulation Realm and all the way to the Mahayana Realm.

Gu Yuqi did not disappoint Li Yu.

Under the dual effects of the immortal pill and the ancient god bloodline, he took only more than five days to successfully break through to the Mahayana Realm and finally stabilized at the early stage.

During the process of stepping into the Mahayana Realm from the Tribulation realm, Gu Yuqi welcomed an unusually powerful heavenly tribulation.

According to Elder Nie, Gu Yuqi’s Heavenly Tribulation was several times stronger than most people’s. This should be related to his unique physique.

However, the Ancient God Body was a physique that would become stronger the more it was tempered.

Therefore, after the baptism of the lightning tribulation, Gu Yuqi’s physique was strengthened. His bloodline power also awakened further, allowing him to learn more bloodline divine arts.

Of course, Gu Yuqi was not the only one whose cultivation had skyrocketed over the past few days. Everyone else’s cultivation progressed rapidly with the help of the spirit herbs and immortal pills.

Wu Chang’s cultivation level broke through directly from the Soul Formation Stage to the middle stage of the Tribulation Stage.

Ye Qiu stepped into the late stage of the Soul Conduit realm, and Ji Qinglan also progressed into the Soul Formation Late Stage.

Tang Chi stepped into the early stage of the Soul Formation Realm.

As for Su Mu, Lu Yuming, Meng Xueqi, and other young disciples who newly joined the sect, they had broken through to the Nascent Soul realm.

Among them, Su Mu had the most improvement. He was already at the late stage of the Nascent Soul realm.

A 15-year-old late-stage Nascent Soul realm was already an extremely rare genius to the various Holy Lands.

Over the past few days, the Human Race’s Sons of Heaven Rankings have been lively.

Gu Yuqi ranked up from 15th on the ranking to second with a speed of overtaking two places a day, pushing Night Whisper of the Night God Palace to third place.

Not only that, but Ye Qiu, Ji Qinglan, and Tang Chi, the three who had never been on the rankings, have also joined the list of names for the first time.

Tang Chi happened to be in the 100th place, while Ye Qiu and Ji Qinglan charged their way into the top thirty.

Among them, Ji Qinglan directly ascended to 18th place.

Of course, there were also other prodigies who rose in rankings.

Nevertheless, compared to the speed of improvement of the people from the Qingyun Sect, they paled in comparison and were not worth mentioning.

Hence, over the past few days, the Qingyun Sect had been the talk of the Immortal Martial World.

Even the Genius Excellence Rankings were not as interesting.

Everyone knew why the cultivation progress of these geniuses from the Qingyun Sect was so unbelievable.

“Looks like Li Yu didn’t just give Gu Yuqi six Earth Saint Fruits and immortal pills!” “This is a little shocking. How many spirit herbs and immortal pills did Li Yu obtain that day?!”

“This is too unbelievable. The spirit pills our Holy Land obtained after entering the Lingtian Mystic Realm more than ten times added up can’t compare to the amount Li Yu collected until now!”

“Moreover, every immortal pill or a sacred medicine requires us to experience countless difficulties and pay a huge price!”

“Yeah, comparisons are odious!”

The hearts of the various Holy Lands were aching with jealousy!

They have seen some footage of those on the Genius Excellence Rankings in the past few days.

Those prodigies were all fighting to the death with the strange beasts and monsters in the Lingtian Mystic Realm for the sake of one or two stalks of natural spirit herbs. They were bathed in blood, while some even paid the price with their lives.

Although the Lingtian Mystic Realm had plenty of natural spirit herbs, it was not easy to obtain them.

Of course, they only knew a portion of the matter.

If they knew that Li Yu had grabbed the Heaven Earth Dao Fruit right after entering the Lingtian Mystic Realm and then obtained the Heaven and Earth Cauldron, they would probably be green with envy.

Somewhere in the Lingtian Mystic Realm. The Holy Lords and Grand Elders of the seven Holy Lands, and the monarchs of the various large sects and cultivation families, arrived one after another.

These people were practically the top experts of the Immortal Martial World, the best experts in the current era of the various Holy Lands.

“Everyone is here. I believe everyone understands why I invited you here!” said the Holy Lord of the Primordial Dao Holy Land, Perfected Tian Hui. “We’re fortunate enough to see the entrance of the Immortal Court again!”

Everyone nodded, their eyes filled with anticipation.

“I hope we can successfully enter the Immortal Court this time!”

“Yeah, if we can enter the Immortal Court this time, we have a high chance of touching the Immortal Realm!” “Now, after two hundred years have passed, our cultivation and power have already improved. We should have a better chance of entering the Immortal Court!” “Mmm, I’ve been waiting for this opportunity for a long time!”

“Alright, there’s no time to lose. Let’s set off then!” Perfected Tian Hui reminded them.

“Let’s continue our journey!” Li Yu called for everyone.

Currently, everyone’s cultivation and strength have already reached a safer level.

It was time to set off for the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s Hidden Treasury.

“Senior Brother, where do you think my ninth brother is now?” Ji Qinglan suddenly mentioned Ji Wanjie. He was getting a little worried about Ji Wanjie’s safety.

“Don’t worry, he’s doing very well now!” replied Li Yu.

He had checked on Ji Wanjie’s movements through the disciple management function over the past few days. He was very far away, and his movement trajectory was the opposite of Li Yu and the others.

Not only that, but Li Yu also noticed that Ji Wanjie’s cultivation had greatly improved.

He had clearly encountered some extraordinary opportunities.

He knew that Ji Wanjie had many secrets and was definitely not a simple person. He should not die that easily.

This day. The latest name on the Genius Excellence Rankings was updated.

Excellence Rankings # 38: Long Zhi

Identity: The Fifth Prince of the Azure Dragon Race

Origin: Demon Race’s Azure Dragon Race

Long Zhi was not the first demon to enter the rankings, but it was the first dragon.

Therefore, it attracted the attention of many in the world.

The Azure Dragon race was known throughout the world. The Azure Dragon race was the most powerful and prestigious among the demons. Moreover, although the Azure Dragon Clan were not divine dragons, they were still part of the dragon bloodline.

In the hearts of the commoners, dragons were the most mysterious and powerful beasts in the world, and they were the race that they revered and were most curious about.

It was said that the Dragon King’s children were also outstanding. They were all brilliant and talented in their own ways.

As Long Zhi was also on the Sons of Heaven Rankings, many human cultivators wanted to see Long Zhi’s appearance.

Chapter 125 Divine Beast Qilin (1)
Soon, the Elegance Exhibition allowed everyone to witness Long Zhi’s appearance.

Furthermore, the demons would also showcase their true form apart from their human forms.

The original form of the dragon was fearsome and overbearing. Its appearance in human form was extraordinary as well, and there was a graceful aura between its brows.

Moments later, the Elegance Exhibition became a live broadcast again.

The scene instantly switched to the sky above an island. The earth-shattering sound of magic power colliding was deafening, reverberating through the sky and attracting everyone’s attention.

Today’s main character of the Genius Excellence Rankings, Long Zhi, happened to be fighting a bloody battle in the sky in his original form with a green dragon. The bronze-like scales on his body were lacerated and covered in blood. He could not dodge in time and was struck down by the green dragon from the sky. “Fifth Brother!” A cry of surprise sounded like thunder. A giant azure dragon flew over and instantly transformed into its human form and caught the dragon that had also transformed into a human.

At this moment, many watched the fighting scene through the screen in shock.

They had long been accustomed to watching various shocking and terrifying battles on the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the past few days.

However, this was the first time they witnessed the battle between the azure dragon and the green dragon.

However, when everyone looked carefully, they realized that it was not a green dragon. It was a vine as thick as a dragon’s body. The vine was covered in green scales, making it look like a green dragon. “This is… the Azure Dragon Vine!” Elders of the Primordial Dao Holy Land recognized the thick vine on the screen.

“This dragon is pretty bold to provoke the Azure Dragon Vine!”

“Yeah, the Azure Dragon Vine is immortal in nature. Even the weakest is at the level of Immortal Spirit Realm!”

“Although the Dragon Origin Fruit is good stuff, especially for the dragon race, this fruit is not easy to acquire.”

They had seen the Azure Dragon Vine in the Lingtian Mystic Realm before, though they always went around it.

Fortunately, the Azure Dragon Vine rarely took the initiative to attack others. Otherwise, encountering such an Azure Dragon Vine would basically mean death.

The Dragon Origin Fruit was a fruit born from the Azure Dragon Vine. It was said that it contained dragon aura and dragon essence. The Azure Dragon Race would surely covet such an immortal fruit.

Earth-shattering fighting sounds lingered in the air. Other azure dragons could be seen fighting bloody battles with the Azure Dragon Vine. Many of the dragons had broken dragon scales and torn skin and flesh. The scene could be described as gruesome.

“His Majesty is risking his life! This is too risky!”

“Yeah, we’ll never suggest provoking this Azure Dragon Vine!” The elders and the rest of the Azure Dragon Race nervously watch the footage from Virtual Sky Mystic Realm.

Their hearts had shrunk into a ball, and their expressions were grim.

This was especially true for the elders of the Azure Dragon Race, whose hearts were in their throats as they looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

They knew how powerful the Azure Dragon Vine was. It was an Immortal Vine!

Even with the full strength of their Azure Dragon Race, they still might not be able to kill the Azure Dragon Vine.

Thus, they were endlessly worried in their hearts, nervous to the point of being unable to speak.

Although the Dragon Origin Fruit was a peerless treasure that was especially beneficial to their dragon race.

Obtaining one would mean their Azure Dragon Race could instantly produce a true divine dragon.

However, there was a huge risk and price to pay. Not only would they not obtain the Dragon Origin Fruit when facing the Azure Dragon Vine, but they might all lose their lives.

The current situation did not seem optimistic at all. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

At this rate, their fifth prince was probably becoming the second deceased person on the Excellence Rankings. “Your Majesty, retreat! We’ll cover you!” A shout rang in the sky.

“Alright, everyone retreats with me!” Long Tiancang’s order sounded, and he immediately led everyone to retreat.

Long Zhi fled into the distance under Long Ao’s cover.

Long Zhi followed Long Tiancang and the rest to another island before they stopped to rest. Long Zhi was severely injured and had a nasty expression. His aura was weak, and he required the support of Long Ao to stand.

The other members of the dragon race beside him were also in a sorry state.

“Sigh! This Azure Dragon Vine is really not to be provoked!” Long Tiancang remarked.

“You are right, Your Majesty. Nearly a third of our group has died. Sigh, the gains do not make up for the losses today!” An elder sighed.

“Sigh, I’m to be blamed for being too greedy. This is the first time in my life that I’ve seen an Azure Dragon Vine with two Dragon Essence Fruits growing concurrently. Moreover, these two Dragon Essence Fruits are the largest and have the densest dragon aura I’ve ever seen. I couldn’t resist it!” Long Tiancang added. “Cough, cough, cough, cough, cough…!” Long Zhi coughed again, and blood flowed from the corners of his mouth.

“Zhi’er, how are your injuries?” Long Tiancang asked worriedly. “Father, I, cough, have some internal injuries. I just took the pill Big Brother gave me. I’m fine…” Long Zhi replied with difficulty.

“That’s good. We shall rest on the spot!” Long Tiancang continued, “We’re lucky that Ao’er obtained a few immortal artifacts, two Dao Comprehension Tea Leaves, and an Immortal Soul Grass on that island today. It counts as redeeming some of our losses!”

“His Majesty and the others have obtained the Dao Comprehension Tea and the Immortal Soul

Grass!”

At this point, the heavy hearts of the Azure Dragon elders felt a little better.

To them, the dragon race, the Dragon Origin Fruit was way more precious than the Dao Comprehension Tea leaves.

However, they were fortunate enough to obtain the Dao Comprehension Tea and the Immortal Soul Grass.

Chapter 126 Divine Beast Qilin (2)


The Dao Comprehension Tea was said to be the leaf of the Dao Comprehension Tea Tree in the immortal realms. This ancient tree had a total of 108 leaves.

Every leaf was different for the Dao runes contained within it.

A cup of tea brewed with its leaves could improve one’s cultivation, assist one in comprehending their Dao, and grasp the Great Dao techniques. It was unduly valuable.

As the name suggested, the Immortal Soul Grass could strengthen one’s soul. It was also a precious natural herb.

“Grandpa, does the Azure Dragon Vine usually only bear one fruit?” A junior dragon asked curiously.

“Yes. An immortal vine like the Azure Dragon Vine can only produce one fruit every few tens of thousands of years. It’s rare for an Azure Dragon Vine to produce two Dragon Origin Fruits concurrently. That’s why His

Majesty is tempted!” an Azure Dragon Tribe elder said.

“Oh, that’s a pity. How great would it be if they could obtain it!”

“There’s nothing to pity about. No one in this mortal world can snatch the Dragon Origin Fruit from the hands of the Azure Dragon Vine. That’s the food of a true dragon.” The elder added.

“What is that Dao Comprehension Tea? Is it precious?”

“Extremely so. It is not much inferior to the Dragon Origin Fruit. It’s just that the Dragon Origin Fruit is more suitable for our dragon race, and the Dao Comprehension Tea is more beneficial to the human race than

our dragon race. However, the Dao Comprehension Tea Tree is also a great divine tree with intelligence. It’s not easier to pluck a leaf from it than to pluck the Dragon Origin Fruit from the Azure Dragon Vine!”

In the Primordial Dao Holy Land, the elders could not help but smile when they saw the Azure Dragon Tribe flee in defeat.

They were not crowing. As humans, they naturally did not wish to see the Azure Dragon Clan obtain the Dragon Origin Fruit. Otherwise, the Azure Dragon Race could produce a true divine dragon.

“Although there are many opportunities in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm and Lingtian Mystic Realm, it’s not easy to capitalize. Long Tiancang is too overconfident!”

“Yeah, it’ll be a big loss for them this time!”

“I have to say Long Ao is very lucky to obtain the Dao Comprehension Tea and Immortal Soul Grass. The rankings are indeed effective in increasing his luck!”

“Hmm, he actually got two Dao Comprehension Tea Leaves. Such luck is really enviable!”

In the Lingtian Mystic Realm, Li Yu’s company traveled with stoppages, constantly approaching the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s treasury.

Although they did not find any new fortunes along the way, they did not encounter any trouble or danger.

The journey was so smooth that they felt as if they were not in the legendary Lingtian Mystic Realm, where danger lurked everywhere. They were simply touring a scenic area with beautiful mountains and clear water.

However, this morning, a heavy fog suddenly descended upon their surroundings and permeated the area.

This fog was very strange. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

It not only blocked their vision and divine sense, but it was even suppressing the magic power in their bodies.

It made the group unable to circulate their magic power, and even Gu Yuqi at the Mahayana Realm was the same.

The fog contained tremendous pressure. The group felt they weren’t in the dense mist but in the deep sea.

They felt the surrounding air become incomparably thick as an invisible force pressed down on their bodies.

“There’s something wrong with this fog!” Wu Chang commented.

Gu Yugi, Ji Qinglan, and the rest had ugly expressions as they raised their guards on their surroundings.

Gu Yudqi was especially alert, whose tendons were tensed up. His unlucky physique was most sensitive to such an abnormal situation, and he was afraid of being battered with trouble again.

Li Yu looked around and frowned slightly. He silently rolled up his sleeves and loosened up his wrists before ordering, “All of you, get down!”

The rest didn’t know what Li Yu wanted to do, but they didn’t hesitate to lie on the ground.

At the same time, Li Yu punched his fist at the sky.

Boom!

Space trembled as a mushroom cloud seemed to gush into the sky. A terrifying shockwave spread above Li Yu and his company.

The dense and strange fog instantly swept away like a fading tornado.

However, Li Yu and the others were shocked to discover that the heavens and the earth had turned upside down.

Below them was not the ground but the sky. Above them was a piece of land.

Then, the world spun, and the stars moved. Everyone felt dizzy.

When they returned to their senses, the sky and ground returned to normal again. However, the environment before them had already changed drastically.

A towering tree supported the sky, and strange flowers and herbs covered the forest. Colored butterflies danced, and spirit birds cried softly. In the distance, the sound of waves reverberated.

All of a sudden, an incomparably enormous figure like a mountain appeared behind Li Yu and the others. The shadow of that figure instantly enveloped everyone.

Li Yu’s expression switched, and he immediately turned around and gave a punch.

Boom!

Space trembled again, and the enormous figure shot out.

Everywhere it passed, the trees were shattered, and a massive ravine was plowed open on the ground that stretched all the way to the end of their field of vision.

“What was that just now?”

didn’t see it clearly!”

it must be a monster!”

Luckily, Senior Brother acted in time. Otherwise, we would probably be in danger!”

knew that there was something wrong with that fog!”

But what is this place? How did we come here suddenly?” Everyone looked at each other in confusion.

“There’s something mysterious here too. My divine sense is also blocked!” Gu Yuqi cautioned.

“Hmm, everyone should remain vigilant. This place is unusual!”

Everyone frowned and remained vigilant of their surroundings. They could eerily sense that the surrounding trees and flowers had eyes secretly watching them.

However, Li Yu, who had just sent the colossal being flying, widened his eyes.

n front of him, the system interface that only he could see popped up again. On it was the words: [Divine Beast Qilin]

“Qilin??2” Li Yu was surprised as he glanced in the general direction of the fellow who had been punched away by him.

Everything had happened too suddenly just now. Li Yu did not take a closer look before he punched that colossal thing. He did not expect it to be the divine beast Qilin.

The other side of the island. The Qilin was lying on the ground with its limbs facing the sky. It had already fainted.

tt did not expect a group of humans to suddenly appear while it slept soundly there as it was given a fright.

Before it could fully stand up from the ground, it never expected a punch would send it flying and almost died on the spot.

Crack! Swoosh!

With a series of cracking sounds, a vine whip covered in green scales like an azure dragon reached over and fiddled with the Qilin Beast.

If Long Tiancang and Long Zhi were here, they would surely recognize that the vine was the Azure Dragon Vine.

On the other end of the vine was an ancient Azure Dragon Vine Tree comparable to the sky. Beside it was an old tree that was half a height shorter.

The leaves on the ancient tree were thin, but every leaf emitted a dazzling halo. There was also the aura of the Great Dao circulating on the leaf veins.

Rich Dao runes manifested natural otherworldly wonders in the leaf.

If anyone counted carefully, exactly 108 leaves were on this ancient tree. This was the Dao Comprehension Tea Tree that was even more valuable than the Ancient Dao Fortune Tree.

“Old Baldy! Big Qilin has fainted! Where did that human brat come from? He actually knocked out Big Qilin with a single punch. That’s terrifying!” said the Azure Dragon Vine as it patted the Dao Comprehension Tea

Tree at the side.

They did not use human language to communicate. Instead, both trees used a sound resembling the howling wind and the rustling of leaves.

“Be gentle. My old branch can’t take your smacking!” the Dao Comprehension Tea Tree scorned bitterly. Then, it shook its leaves and continued, “Strange, how did they enter our Misty Immortal Island? It’s been so

many years since Great Immortal Mi Lu left, and no one has entered here. It’s over… I’m afraid I can’t keep these little leaves of mine!”

“Sigh. You’ll probably be bald for tens of thousands of years again! I probably can’t leave these few fruits for Great Immortal Xi Lu. Why don’t we… fight it out with them!” The Azure Dragon Vine suggested.

“Forget it. Even Big Qilin has been knocked out. The two of us will be chopped up by him like firewood!”

At this moment, a bevy of fairies with elegant faces and refined auras flew over in veils.

They landed beside the Qilin Beast and patted its giant head with heavy expressions. “General Guo, General Guo, wake up!”

“He’s pretty badly injured. Looks like he really fainted!”

“That’s great!” The group of teenage girls suddenly beamed and flew up again.

Their dresses fluttered as they pounced toward Li Yu excitedly, uh… flew toward his direction.

Chapter 127 The Azure Dragon Race’s Meltdown (1)


They had already forgotten how long it had been since they had seen a new face. Furthermore, Li Yu was such a handsome young man.

Although General Guo looked pretty handsome in his human form, they were already tired of looking at him.

Furthermore, he was a boring and rigid fellow. Talking to him was not more interesting than talking to those two old trees.

“Greetings, Young Master!” All the fairies arrived in front of Li Yu and greeted him with sweet smiles.

Li Yu was stunned when the group of fairies popped out of nowhere.

As for Ye Qiu, Ji Qinglan, Tang Chi, Gu Yugi, and the others… they were dazed.

t was not that they had never seen a beautiful or lecherous woman before.

it was just that these women were as beautiful as fairies. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Of course, they were indeed fairies who possessed extraordinary temperaments.

Their appearances were exquisite as if they were carved from jade, and their skins were like soft jade that seemed to emit a warm glow.

Even the eyes of Meng Xueqi and Tang Ling’er sparkled.

“Greetings, fairies!” Li Yu bowed in return.

“May I know where you came from and how you arrived on our Misty Immortal Island?” The leader was a fairy in slim purple robes.

“This is the Misty Immortal Island?” Li Yu frowned. His company had indeed transmigrated on the spot to this island.

“Heh, to be honest, I’m not sure how we got here either. We encountered a strange fog, and the next thing we know is arriving here!” Li Yu replied truthfully.

“Hehe, so that’s how it is. That means that Young Master and I… all of us, are fated to meet on our Misty Immortal Island. Please visit our garden!” chirped the purple-robed

fairy with a sweet smile.

“Alright!” Li Yu felt that this place did not seem like a dangerous place. Since these fairies were so good-looking… and hospitable, he naturally could not mistreat their

goodwill.

“Please follow me, Young Master!” The purple-robed fairy invited Li Yu and the others to a garden filled with blooming flowers and fruit fragrances.

The garden occupied an extensive area with no end in sight. There were a few other buildings in the vicinity. Although they were not considered grandiose, they gave off

the aura of an immortal residence.

Li Yu and the others had a rough understanding of this place through this group of fairies.

Although the Misty Immortal Island was an island, it was not a part of the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

This was a small world opened up by Great Immortal Mi Lu, equivalent to an independent space.

These fairies used to be flower demons and fruits on this island. They were transformed into immortals by the Great Immortal Mi Lu.

They were in charge of looking after the Herb Garden here on a daily basis.

The group of fairies was led by the grape fairy in the purple robe. Her name was Zi Ying.

The other immortals included Peach Fairy, Begonia Fairy, Lily Fairy, and others.

Although they were once flower demons and fruit spirits, they became immortals after obtaining the Immortal Body to turn into fairies.

That was why they looked ethereal.

Later on, something unknown happened, and Great Immortal Mi Lu was missing. She had never returned for countless years.

They belonged to this small world and could not leave. This place was isolated from the outside world, so they knew nothing beyond this island.

“Hahaha, you’re too kind, fairies. In that case, it’s my pleasure to be here. Have a taste!” Li Yu smiled.

After a long while, Li Yu finished tasting every variety of grapes and peaches on the Immortal Island, and he was satisfied and filled with praise.

They were worthy fruits of an Immortal Garden. Not only did they look tempting, but they also tasted delicious. It was simply a feast for the eyes.

Furthermore, according to the fairies, their grapes and peaches here could also nourish the body, replenish magic power, improve cultivation levels and prolong lifespan. In

short, they were highly beneficial.

Although the fruits were heavenly, Li Yu was still concerned about other things. Therefore, he decided to bring everyone around the island in search of a way to leave.

“Why are you in a hurry to leave, Young Master? Why don’t you stay a little longer? You haven’t finished seeing everything on this island. Our Herb Garden is only the tip of

the iceberg!” Zi Ying asked.

It was not easy to have visitors here. And how could they bear to let a handsome young master like Li Yu leave just like that?

If possible, they even hoped that Li Yu and his juniors would stay behind forever to avoid the loneliness of ten thousand years.

Actually, Li Yu was not in a hurry to leave. He naturally knew an Immortal Island like this would have many treasures.

It was a pity not to exploit it further.

It was just that he needed to know the method to leave. Otherwise, if he was really trapped here, he might be sick of living here, no matter how delicious the cherries,

grapes, and honey peaches were.

“It’s just strange that we came here all of a sudden. If we can’t find a way out, it’ll be difficult for me to feel at ease. Therefore, we should make the best use of our time to

figure out how to leave this place. In this way, I can rest assured and bring my junior brother to stay here more often!” Li Yu gave a smile.

He was telling the truth.

“We’re afraid it will be difficult. But don’t be anxious, Young Master. Perhaps we can wait for General Guo to wake up and ask him. Perhaps he might know something!”

suggested Zi Ying.

They had been on the Misty Immortal Island since they were born. They were unable to leave, and they didn’t know how either.

However, they had seen the divine beast Qilin follow Great Immortal Mi Lu here before, so they believed he must know something.

It was pointless for the fairies to ask the question, but not for Li Yu..

Chapter 128 The Azure Dragon Race’s Meltdown (2)


“Who is General Guo?” asked Li Yu.

“The divine beast who had been knocked out by Young Master’s punch—the Qilin!” Zi Ying replied.

“The divine beast Qilin’s surname is Guo?” Li Yu did not know whether to laugh or cry. What a coincidence.

“That’s right. Great Immortal Mi Lu’s surname was Guo, so he gave Qilin his surname too!” Zi Ying explained.

“I see!” Li Yu smiled. “Let’s see if Guo Qi… If General Guo awake?”

The fairies followed Li Yu and the others to the Qilin’s location.

On the way, Li Yu and the others noticed the Dao Comprehension Tea Tree and Azure Dragon Vine.

Although Li Yu did not know what these two trees were at first glance, he had the system.

[Dao Comprehension Tea Tree] [Azure Dragon Vine]

He looked at the introduction of the Dao Comprehension Tea Tree and the Azure Dragon Vine on the system’s newly popped up notice.

Li Yu was pleasantly surprised.

The Misty Immortal Island was indeed otherworldly. It actually possessed such treasures.

From the looks of things, Li Yu’s accidental visit to the Misty Immortal Island this time was a supreme opportunity. It would be perfect as long as he could find a way to

leave.

When he found the divine beast Qilin, it had just woken up.

Seeing Li Yu and the others approach, it hurriedly took a few steps back in fear.

Li Yu’s punch earlier had almost taken his life.

He definitely did not want to get punched again. It was too terrifying.

“General Guo, this is Young Master Li. He and his juniors are not allowed to enter our Misty Immortal Island. Do you know how to leave this world?” Zi Ying asked.

The Qilin turned into his human form, a tall and robust man wearing cyan armor.

He looked at Li Yu fretfully, then answered in a deep voice, “I don’t know the details, but I might be able to find a way in Master’s Immortal Palace. In the past, my Master

would enter and leave the Misty Immortal Island from the Immortal Palace. However, there’s a guardian spirit in the Immortal Palace, and without my Master, even I can’t

enter it.”

The divine beast, Qilin, also wanted to send Li Yu and the others away as soon as possible. Of course, he also wanted to find a way to leave this place.

After all, being trapped in this small world for countless years was too torturous.

Furthermore, Great Immortal Mi Lu had not returned after so many years.

She had either abandoned this place or was no longer alive.

“Okay, please bring us to the Immortal Palace then, General Guo!” Li Yu cupped his hands.

“Alright, please follow me!” The Qilin nodded.

“Hold on!” Li Yu suddenly looked at the two ancient trees in the distance.

Li Yu did not know what would happen after entering the supposed Immortal Palace. Hence, he decided to harvest from the ancient trees before he continued.

“Everyone, follow me!” Li Yu led Gu Yugi, Ye Qiu, Ji Qinglan, and the others to fly up again and flew towards the two towering ancient trees.

The fairies and the Qilin looked at each other. They could guess what Li Yu was going to do, so they did not stop him. After all, they could not stop him.

When they saw Li Yu and the others flying over, the Azure Dragon Vine and the Ancient Dao Fate Tree were so frightened that they did not dare move. They suddenly

wanted to become common weeds immersed in the depths of a forest.

“It’s over. Old Baldy, you’re really going bald!” joked the Azure Dragon Vine.

In the Qingyun Sect, the disciples had just finished their morning practice when their gazes were suddenly attracted by the new name on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

“Look, Senior Brother Ye is on the rankings!”

Excellence Rankings # 37: Ye Qiu

Identity: Qingyun Sect Master’s Personal Disciple

Origin: Human Race’s Qingyun Sect

“This is great. We can know how our seniors are doing in the Lingtian Mystic Realm again!”

“Yeah. Over the past few days, I’ve seen other people on the rankings being surrounded by danger in the Lingtian Mystic Realm. It’s abnormally dangerous. I’m worried for

my seniors!”

“With our Eldest Senior Brother around, we can turn misfortune into blessings no matter how dangerous it is!”

The disciples discussed animatedly while their enthusiasm soared, while the Elegance Exhibition revealed Ye Qiu’s bearings.

For a while, Ye Qiu became the center of attention in the world. Countless people stopped to look and admire and comment on his elegant demeanor.

“Another person from the Qingyun Sect is on the rankings again!”

“Qingyun Sect is simply filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. This child looks even more extraordinary than Gu Yuqi!”

“I wonder when I can see Li Yu’s appearance. | only heard his voice last time, but I didn’t see how he looked!”

“Don’t worry, this kid will be on the rankings sooner or later!”

However, right when Ye Qiu’s name appeared, the 44th position on the Genius Excellence Rankings turned gray, and the word “deceased” appeared behind it.

This change gained considerable attention, adding a heavy meaning to the rankings.

“Another prodigy has fallen!”

“This must be the third person to fall after Emperor Hengyun on this ranking!”

“Yeah, and they’re all geniuses currently inside the Lingtian Mystic Realm. Looks like this Lingtian Mystic Realm is really abnormally dangerous!” Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

“That’s natural. It’s said that there are many powerful demons and ghosts inside. If you’re not careful, you might lose your life. Even the top experts might be in danger!”

“I heard that opportunities in the mystic realm were exchanged with lives.”

“That’s true. Yesterday we could see from Long Zhi, who entered the rankings. The Azure Dragon Race should be powerful enough, but they also suffered heavy losses

attempting to obtain the Dragon Origin Fruit!”

As everyone conversed, the screen in the sky changed again.

A voice sounded after that. “Eldest Senior Brother, be careful. Elder Nie mentioned that the Azure Dragon Vine is extremely formidable. Since it could nurture five Dragon

Origin Fruits at once, it’s probably at least comparable to a Perfected Immortal. Furthermore, the Azure Dragon Vine would never let anyone pick its Dragon Origin Fruits that easily. We might face desperate resistance!”.


Chapter 129 The Azure Dragon Race’s Meltdown (3)


The voice instantly attracted the attention of everyone on the rankings.

Even some demons, who were not interested in Ye Qiu, looked up at the sky. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It was because they had just heard the names of the Azure Dragon Vine and the Dragon Origin Fruit yesterday.

The Azure Dragon Race had paid a hefty price attempting to snatch the Dragon Origin Fruit.

The battle shown on the Genius Excellence Rankings between the Azure Dragon Race and the Azure Dragon Vine yesterday left a deep impression on countless people.

Moreover, that sentence revealed equally shocking information.

The Azure Dragon Vine that had nurtured five Dragon Origin Fruits at once!

It was already exceedingly rare for the Azure Dragon Vine to produce two Dragon Origin Fruits concurrently like what they saw yesterday.

They did not expect the Qingyun Sect to also encounter the Azure Dragon Vine today. And this time, it has five Dragon Origin Fruits!

Everyone’s curiosity was piqued.

“The Qingyun Sect’s luck is always there! They found the Azure Dragon Vine with five Dragon Origin Fruits!”

“Um, even if that’s the case, they have to stay alive before taking them.”

“Yeah, didn’t that person mention it just now? That’s the Azure Dragon Vine that’s comparable to a Perfected Immortal. The Qingyun Sect is really bold. They actually dare

to have designs on the Dragon Origin Fruit!”

“That’s right, they’re overestimating themselves and seeking death!”

Many human cultivators looked at the scene in the sky with grave expressions.

They could only see Ye Qiu’s figure and Ji Qinglan and Gu Yugi beside him. The Azure Dragon Vine and the Dragon Origin Fruit were not on screen.

However, the battle between the Azure Dragon Race and the Azure Dragon Vine was still vivid in their mind.

The Azure Dragon Clan’s Long Tiancang, Long Yue, and Long Ao were also Mahayana Realm experts.

Yet, they still couldn’t obtain the Dragon Origin Fruit and were almost killed by the Azure Dragon Vine.

Hence, the bystanders were genuinely worried for the Qingyun Sect.

They also felt that the Qingyun Sect was pulling teeth from the tiger’s mouth and asking for trouble.

They even believed, in the next second, they would witness the tragic end of the top Qingyun Sect disciples dying under the Azure Dragon Vine.

Of course, the Azure Dragon Race had the same idea.

At that moment, the group of Azure Dragon elders was watching the scene in the air with mocking expressions.

“Five Dragon Origin Fruits at once? This is unbelievable!”

“It’s a pity that the Dragon Origin Fruit isn’t that easy to obtain. That Qingyun Sect will probably have to pay the price today!”

“Mm, it seems like there will be more deceased people on the Sons of Heavens Rankings!”

“That will be good news. It will help the demon race eliminate our formidable enemy and potential threats!”

“I think the show is about to begin, hahaha!” The elders of the Azure Dragon Race sneered.

“Okay!” Li Yu’s voice sounded from the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

At the same time, on the screen, Ye Qiu spoke again. “Junior Brother Ji, don’t worry. Our Eldest Senior Brother is always confident. Look, He is already nearing the Dragon

Origin Fruits!”

“Eh? You’re right. Strange, why is there no reaction from this Azure Dragon Vine?”

Following Ji Qinglan’s voice, an excited smile surfaced on Ye Qiu’s face.

The excited voices of others echoed in the surroundings. “Senior Brother got them! It’s going smoothly!”

“Hahaha, this Azure Dragon Vine might be asleep!”

Li Yu’s laughter approached. Ye Qiu quickly flew over, his face filled with a pleasant surprise.

“Senior Brother Li, please allow me to look at this Dragon Origin Fruit!” Ye Qiu took one and carefully examined it. It was indeed miraculous.

At this point, everyone who was looking at the Excellence Rankings was stunned.

Is that it?

Is it that easy to pick those?

And nothing happened?

If the Dragon Origin Fruit in Ye Qiu’s hand did not look exactly like the ones they had seen yesterday. They would have suspected that what Li Yu had just picked was not a

Dragon Origin Fruit but a worthless wild fruit.

Of course, the Azure Dragon Race was the most bitter. They felt as if their minds were about to collapse.

They had only seen with their own eyes yesterday that some of their dragons had died and were injured to obtain the Dragon Origin Fruit. In the end, they were unable to

seize it.

Today, not only did the Qingyun Sect obtain five Dragon Origin Fruits at once, but they left unharmed.

So f*cking jealous!

Chapter 130 Others Are Here to Brave Danger, They Are Here on a Tour! (1)


“How… How is this possible!”

“Those are real Dragon Origin Fruits! How can that Azure Dragon Vine not have any reaction! This is too unusual!”

“Could it be that the Azure Dragon Vine has really fallen asleep?”

“It can’t fall asleep, but it can be injured or experience a process similar to the tribulation, causing that ancient tree to enter a state of hibernation!”

“I can only say that the Qingyun Sect’s luck is too good to obtain five Dragon Origin Fruits so easily!”

“What dog-shit luck!”

At this moment, the Azure Dragon Race could only use luck to explain everything they had seen.

Otherwise, they felt like their knowledge and understanding were about to collapse.

Once they thought of the painful price their race had paid yesterday, the Qingyun Sect’s luck ignited the flames of envy in their hearts.

Comparison breeds discontent. Now that the two were compared, no one felt good about it.

On the Misty Immortal Island, Li Yu and the others carefully admired the Dragon Origin Fruit before putting it away.

“Eldest Senior Brother, do you think the Azure Dragon Vine is really asleep? But why didn’t it wake up when you have already finished plucking all the fruits?” Su Mu asked curiously.

“Who knows? Perhaps this Azure Dragon Vine has a good temper and is more graceful and easygoing!” Li Yu replied casually.

Everyone smiled and did not dwell on this problem further. Anyway, the most important thing was to obtain the Dragon Origin Fruits.

At the moment, only the Azure Dragon Vine, the divine beast Qilin, and the group of fairies knew what was going on.

If even the divine beast Qilin was defeated by a single punch from Li Yu, how could an old tree dare to put up resistance?

Anyway, the fruit could grow again without it.

If it lost its life, everything would be over.

“Come, let’s go harvest the Dao Comprehension Tea Leaves. Everyone, help me pluck these 108 leaves!” Li Yu requested.

“Okay, Senior Brother!” Ye Qiu and the rest acknowledged. They swiftly followed Li Yu to the Dao Comprehension Tea Tree and began to pick the leaves.

Every leaf emitted a splendid halo as the aura of the Great Dao flowed through it.

Just by approaching, one could sense the rich Dao runes. One could even see many natural phenomena and auspicious divinity in the leaves.

This scene was also presented to countless people through the Genius Excellence Rankings, and it shocked everyone again.

“Dao Comprehension Tea Tree, and one with 108 tea leaves!”

“Qingyun Sect is too lucky!”

“This Dao Comprehension Tea Tree did not fight back at all. This, this is too unbelievable!”

The elders who stayed behind in the various Holy Lands were stupefied.

Putting aside the enviable luck of the Qingyun Sect for the time being. The Dao Comprehension Tea Tree and the Azure Dragon Vine were great divine trees. They possessed intelligence superior to their own and were

extremely powerful.

They would never allow others to pick their fruits and leaves without resistance.

In fact, they seemed to have lost consciousness without any reaction at all.

That was the shocking part.

At the sight of this, the elders of the Azure Dragon Tribe were utterly jealous.

Obtaining two Dao Comprehension Tea Leaves was enough for them to be ecstatic. Now that someone else had easily picked five Dragon Origin Fruits, and immediately after, they collected another tree’s Dao

Comprehension Tea Leaves.

There were a total of 108 pieces.

The Azure Dragon Race entered and left the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm many times for countless years. And they had never found a Dao Comprehension Tea Tree before, much less one with 108 leaves.

They were incredibly jealous of the Qingyun Sect.

Of course, it was not only the Azure Dragon Race. The Nine-Headed Lion Race, the Golden Feather Race, the Phoenix Bird Race, and the other major demon clans were also bitter.

In fact, the seven Holy Lands and countless orthodox sects were equally jealous. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Many sects and Holy Lands had never encountered the Dao Comprehension Tea Tree in the Lingtian Mystic Realm. Obtaining a few Dao Comprehension Tea Leaves was already a supreme opportunity.

However, the Qingyun Sect had obtained 108 Dao Comprehension Tea Leaves that easily. Anyone would be envious.

“Senior Brother, we have picked them all!” Ye Qiu’s voice sounded again on the rankings.

“Hmm, this tea leaf smells pretty good. I’ll soak it in a large pot of Immortal Spring Water to taste it later!” Li Yu’s voice sounded.

As soon as he finished speaking, Ye Qiu’s Elegance Exhibition ended. The world returned to calm.

However, countless cultivators and demons watching the Genius Excellence Rankings could not calm down.

Immortal Spring Water to make Dao Comprehension Tea!

And Li Yu had obtained an Immortal Spring!

He had plenty of natural spirit herbs, immortal pills, sacred medicines, Dao Comprehension Tea with the Dragon Origin Fruit, and an Immortal Spring.

Just how many treasures did Li Yu get from the Lingtian Mystic Realm?

Most importantly, they felt it was easy for Li Yu’s group to obtain these supreme treasures.

“Are Li Yu and his group really in the Lingtian Mystic Realm? Why do I feel like they’re in a different world from everyone else?”

“Yeah! The others are fighting for treasures while they are picking up treasures!”

On the Misty Immortal Island, after Li Yu and the others finished picking the Dao Comprehension Tea Leaves and the Dragon Origin Fruits, a golden light transmogrified from the void and entered Ye Qiu’s body.

“Ye Qiu got on the rankings too!” Li Yu’s brows raised. He didn’t have to think to understand that this sudden golden light was definitely a reward from the Heavenly Dao.

As Li Yu expected, Ye Qiu revealed a hint of surprise and remarked, “It’s the Genius Excellence Rankings reward!”

As he sensed his entire body begin to transform under the nourishment of that mysterious energy, Ye Qiu immediately sat on the spot and meditated to digest and absorb that energy.

Li Yu and the others waited by the side. After around two hours, Ye Qiu finally opened his eyes, his face filled with joy..

 

Chapter 131 Others Are Here to Brave Danger, They Are Here on a Tour! (2)


The Heavenly Dao reward had greatly improved Ye Qiu’s physique, foundation, comprehension, soul, etc.

His body and soul were strengthened, same with his aptitude and enlightenment.

“Let’s go! We’ll find an exit!” Li Yu led the group and followed General Guo to the other end of the island.

After passing through a hillside filled with the fragrance of flowers, everyone arrived at a scenic hill.

A magnificent palace built with carved railings and jade eaves sat on the mountain. Rainbow light shone down from the sky and enveloped the elegant hall, plating it with a

layer of immortal splendor, making it seem even more marvelous.

“This is the place?” Li Yu looked at the hall and asked.

“Indeed. You may enter and give it a try to see if you can find a way out!” General Guo replied.

Li Yu nodded and walked towards the hall alone. As soon as he reached the door, he immediately felt a tremendous pressure slapping over like a tidal wave.

Nonetheless, this degree of pressure was useless to Li Yu.

He pushed open the door and walked into the hall, and the holiness and magnificence within were something Li Yu had never seen in his life.

“Who dares to trespass into the Mi Lu Immortal Palace!”

A dignified, deep voice rang out. At the same time, runes flashed in the void of the hall as an invisible pressure enveloped it.

In the middle of the hall, light condensed into a handsome and striking man. Five-colored totems floated under his feet. They circled around like a Douluo’s spirit ring.

“You’re the guardian spirit here?” Li Yu asked.

“Yes. Who are you?” The man looked at Li Yu calmly.

“I’m Li Yu. I’ve entered Misty Immortal Island by accident and was wondering how to leave. Do you know the way to leave this island?” Li Yu cupped his hands and asked.

“I don’t know. I’m only in charge of guarding this Immortal Palace. No one is allowed to enter, or else I’ll kill without exception!” the guardian spirit spoke.

Li Yu shook his head in disappointment. It seemed that this was only a security guard, and it was pointless to ask him. He should find his way out himself.

He noticed a door that was tightly shut in the hall. He wondered what was inside or where it led to.

Thus, he did not say anything else and walked toward it.

“Don’t you dare trespass!” the guardian spirit yelled. His gaze turned cold as he waved his hand. Golden ropes instantly surfaced in the air and bound Li Yu.

However, Li Yu did not stop in his tracks. The golden ropes couldn’t stop him.

The guardian spirit’s eyes revealed a shocked expression when it saw this. Its figure flashed and stood in front of Li Yu. It formed hand seals, and a giant golden talisman was

placed in front of Li Yu.

Li Yu raised his hand and punched without uttering a word. The gigantic golden talisman and the guardian spirit’s figure instantly dissipated into thin air.

A moment later, the guardian spirit’s figure outlined behind Li Yu again with a fearful look at Li Yu.

Li Yu walked to the door in the hall and pushed it with his hand, only to find that it was protected by a powerful restriction.

Afterward, he pushed with force. With a bang, the restriction collapsed, and the door was opened.

The guardian spirit was horrified. That was a restriction that even he could not break, but it was pushed open by that person with bare hands.

He stood on the spot and did not dare to make any fuss. He could only watch as Li Yu walked through the door.

However, right when Li Yu pushed open the door, a magnificent Immortal Palace covered in jade carvings suddenly surfaced above the ruins of an ancient hall in the Virtual

Sky Mystic Realm.

On the horizontal inscribed board of the hall, a few glided words emitted a dazzling golden light: Mi Lu Immortal Palace.

The appearance of this Immortal Palace immediately triggered a heavenly phenomenon. Space fluctuated, and rich immortal energy spread.

Soon, it attracted a group of human figures. They were dressed in strange clothes, black on the left half and white on the right half.

They were members of one of the five fiend sects—Yin Yang Hall.

The Yin Yang Hall’s prodigy, Yun Xiao, who was once ranked ninth and now tenth on the Sons of Heaven Rankings, was also among them.

“Hahaha, it’s an Immortal Palace!” an old man with half black and half white hair exclaimed with a grin as he stared at the Mi Lu Immortal Palace with ardent eyes.

He was the current sect master of Yin Yang Hall—Demon Lord Zi Ji. He was at the late stage of the Mahayana Realm and possessed the Extreme Demon Dao Body, one of

the top demon experts.

“Congratulations, Master!” A handsome youth standing beside Demon Lord Zi Ji cupped his hands.

He was the top prodigy of the current generation of the Yin Yang Hall and the heir of the Yin Yang Hall—Yun Xiao.

He was born with Yin Yang Pupils and possessed unfathomable power. He was also the most valued disciple of Demon Lord Zi Ji, the future master of the Yin Yang Hall.

“Congratulations, Sect Master!” Everyone from the Yin Yang Hall echoed in unison with a torrential might.

More than 200 people from the Yin Yang Hall have entered the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm. Almost half of the best experts from the sect had come.

Over the past few days, although they had found some fortunes in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm, they were all insignificant items. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Therefore, he was naturally overjoyed to see the Mi Lu Immortal Palace today.

The Immortal Palace seemed miraculous enough, and there must be a supreme fortune within it.

Misty Immortal Island, Mi Lu Palace.

After Li Yu walked through the door, he realized that there was a corridor that led to the rooms on both sides.

One side seemed to be used for cultivation, and the other side was probably the room where one entered and exited the Misty Immortal Island..

Chapter 132 Others Are Here to Brave Danger, They Are Here on a Tour! (3)


Li Yu suspected it was the entrance and exit since there were nine pillars with lifelike azure dragons carved from jade in the room.

The nine azure dragons formed a circle, and their heads were pointed at the center. Strange totems were carved on the ground.

o matter how he looked at it, this room seemed like the location of a teleportation array.

The Teleportation Array was not activated at the moment. Instead, a ball of light floated in the middle.

Li Yu walked over and stretched out his hand to grab the ball of light. It instantly dispersed and transformed into strands of warm current that entered Li Yu’s body.

‘tumble!

The entire hall shook as halos surfaced on the surrounding azure dragon statues. Dragon roars sounded as illusory figures of runes emerged in the surrounding space.

The airflow dissipated after entering Li Yu’s body, and new information appeared in Li Yu’s mind.

It details the Misty Immortal Island and the Immortal Palace.

It naturally included the method to enter and leave this island.

“Haha, great. I know how to get out of here!” Li Yu was thrilled. As long as he could find a way to leave, he could rest assured.

Of course, he was more delighted to gain complete control of the Misty Immortal Island.

As Zi Ying and the other fairies had described, this was a small world.

It was a world opened up by Immortal Mi Lu, and it was also her back garden.

She planted all the strange flowers and trees she had collected here and would often cultivate in seclusion here.

The information recorded gave him a detailed user manual of this small world.

Li Yu could now change everything here according to his wishes. The geographical features, the environment, the alternation of the night and the day, the changes in the

four seasons, the temperature, etc.

He could change as he liked and play as he pleased.

He could control everything in this world.

Furthermore, from the information, there were two Mi Lu Immortal Palaces. As long as he took away the other Mi Lu Immortal Palace, he could enter and leave the Misty

mmortal Island at any time in the future.

“I guess I’ve found my vacation spot for the future,” Li Yu remarked.

However, he learned nothing much about Great Immortal Mi Lu from the information.

As for who she was, where she went, or whether she was alive, Li Yu did not know.

As if no one knew why this small world had been abandoned and what had happened in the past.

Regardless, Li Yu felt that the ball of light from before could only mean that Great Immortal Mi Lu was no longer alive.

When Li Yu returned to the front hall, the guardian spirit knelt on one knee and kowtowed. “Greetings, Master!”

Upon hearing the guardian spirit’s words, Li Yu was more convinced that he had become the master of this place.

Not only that, but when Li Yu walked out of the hall, the divine beast Qilin, Zi Ying, and the other fairies immediately noticed Li Yu’s aura.

It was the aura that belonged to their master.

They immediately knelt and kowtowed. “Greetings, Master!”

The immortals’ words surprised the Qingyun Sect disciples.

However, they understood that Li Yu had acquired some sort of inheritance in the Immortal Palace, becoming the master of the place.

“Senior Brother’s luck is indeed amazing!” All the junior brothers sighed in their hearts.

“No need for formalities!” Li Yu waved it off casually.

The fairies immediately surrounded Li Yu like stars revolving around, chatting non-stop.

“I knew it. Master must be fated to suddenly appear here. Our Misty Immortal Island finally has a new master!”

“Yes, yes. Congratulations, master, for attaining Great Immortal Mi Lu’s inheritance. In the future, we will listen to you, be loyal to you, and serve you…”

The group of fairies was ecstatic.

With a new master, this place would no longer be lonely like the last ten thousand years.

Plus, their new leader was a handsome young master. In the future, they believe that he will often come here to eat grapes, eat peaches, admire flowers, drink wine, and

have fun…

How wonderful!

Li Yu was in no hurry to leave the Misty Immortal Island with his juniors.

Instead, he stayed here to rest for a day and enjoy the hot springs, wine, immortal fruits, and pastries made by the fairies.

If the various Holy Lands, fiend sects, and demons saw this, they would probably be jealous again.

Other people came to the Lingtian Mystic Realm to brave dangers and battle for treasures, but Li Yu and his juniors were here for a vacation.

Just as Li Yu and the others were relaxing and enjoying themselves, hundreds of people had already gathered outside the Mi Lu Immortal Palace that had appeared in the

Virtual Sky Mystic Realm.

Other than those from the Yin Yang Hall, there were those from the Night God Palace, the Paradise Cult.

Yin Yang Hall naturally did not want to share such a massive opportunity with others. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

However, the appearance of this Immortal Palace triggered a phenomenon that attracted the attention of the Night God Palace and the Paradise Cult.

Furthermore, even with the combined efforts of the whole Yin Yang Hall, they were indeed unable to break through the defensive formation outside the Immortal Palace.

Therefore, if they wanted to enter the Immortal Palace, they could only join forces and attempt to break through the defensive formation.

 
Chapter 133: You’re Li Yu? (1)

The next day, the latest person on the Genius Excellence Rankings was announced.

Excellence Rankings # 36: Ji Qinglan

Identity: Qingyun Sect Master’s Personal Disciple

Origin: Human Race’s Qingyun Sect

“Another Qingyun Sect disciple! It’s someone from that sect for two consecutive days!”

“Not bad, not bad. The Qingyun Sect’s Elegance Exhibitions are worth watching, haha!”

“Yeah, I really want to see what sort of great fortune they obtained today and what sort of unbelievable treasure that is!”

“Yeah. We hadn’t seen enough yesterday. I wasn’t expecting that there would be more today. The Heavenly Dao Rankings really understand us!”

Countless people looked at the Genius Excellence Rankings with huge expectations. They wanted to see what kind of fortuitous encounter the Qingyun Sect would have today and what unbelievable treasures they would obtain.

First, they had seen the mythical sacred medicine.

Yesterday, they saw the Dragon Origin Fruit and the Dao Comprehension Tea Tree, which also existed in legends.

It was truly an eye-opener for everyone. It was a pity that they did not manage to see Li Yu and the others use the Immortal Spring to brew the Dao Comprehension Tea yesterday.

However, it also made them look forward to the surprise that the Qingyun Sect would give them today.

Hence, these people treated the Elegance Exhibition of the Heavenly Dao Rankings as a drama series.

On the Heavenly Dao Rankings, it showcased Ji Qinglan to the world.

The footage was of him challenging the number one on another country’s Hidden Dragon Rankings.

However, everyone was already numb to such a scene.

Therefore, they were more looking forward to the live broadcast.

Soon, the scene in the sky changed. Ji Qinglan, Ye Qiu, and Gu Yuqi walked side by side.

A few beauties followed behind them. They were devastatingly beautiful, like immortals who stood out.

It immediately attracted attention.

“I knew it! The exhibition of those from Qingyun Sect is worth watching!”

“Qingyun Sect actually has such a peerless female disciple?”

“These women are so beautiful. Their auras are extraordinary. They looked like fairies that had descended into the mortal world!”

“What a breathtaking glimpse. They are as beautiful as fairies!”

“Fairies, please wait. You may send us off from here!” A voice sounded on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

This voice was already familiar to countless people. It belonged to the Qingyun Sect’S Eldest Senior Brother, Li Yu.

It was a pity that the Heavenly Dao Rankings seemed to be intentionally leaving suspense. Every time, only his voice could be heard.

It really kept them in suspense.

“Alright, we’ll send our master off here!” The group of fairies bowed slightly and said respectfully. These two simple sentences contained a lot of information, and it managed to shock many again.

Fairy? Master?

Those beautiful women were actually fairies?

So they actually call Li Yu their master?

Fairies were high and mighty immortals, noble existences that surpassed mortals like them.

Countless cultivators and demons have cultivated in defiance of the natural order only to enter the Immortal class.

Immortals were also a symbol of strength, a powerful existence that a mortal’s body could not match.

However, such powerful, noble, and beautiful fairies had actually addressed Li Yu as their master. This was simply unbelievable.

On the Misty Immortal Island, the Qingyun Sect’s top disciples, who had enjoyed themselves for the day, were prepared to leave and resume their journey.

However, they were only leaving temporarily. Li Yu had already become the master of this small world. He only had to acquire the second Mi Lu Immortal Palace outside to travel here at any time in the future.

Li Yu and his juniors arrived at the room where the teleportation formation was located. After a command in his mind, the nine azure dragon statues instantly glowed brilliantly.

The totem on the central ground lit up as well. Light halo spiraled, forming a spatial vortex.

On the other side, outside the Mi Lu Immortal Palace located in the Void Sky Secret Realm.

More than six hundred experts from the three fiend sects, Yin Yang Hall, the Paradise Cult, and the Night God Palace, were working together to break the array.

Magic powers, immortal artifacts, and magic treasures frantically bombarded the gigantic Qilin phantom formed by the array formation.

Earth-shattering explosions shook the place, causing circles of ripples to appear in space.

The aftershocks of magic power constantly wreaked havoc, making the entire sky seem like a raging storm.

However, the Qilin phantom formed by the grand array formation was impregnable.

Even under the combined attack of the three fiend sects, it showed no sign of defeat.

“Master, we can’t continue like this. Even if we exhaust our magic power, we probably won’t be able to break through the Immortal Palace’s defensive array formation!” Night Whisper insisted in a low voice.

Since yesterday, the hundreds of people from the three fiend sects had attempted many times, but they had failed to break through the array formation.

“I understand. This array formation doesn’t show any signs of crumbling. There’s no point in continuing to waste time!” With a wave of his hand, Night Soul Lord recalled his magic treasure and stopped his attack first.

Immediately, he ordered everyone from the Night God Palace to cease.

Seeing that the people from the Night God Palace had stopped, the people from the Paradise Cult and the Yin Yang Hall also stopped their attacks.

“Everyone, why did you stop?” Demon Lord Zi Ji frowned and questioned in a deep voice. 

“Demon Lord Zi Ji, we have already tried a lot of times since yesterday, but this array formation has not been broken. We should think of another method. If this continues, we will probably run out of magic power!” Night Soul Lord explained.

“Indeed. We’ve attacked for so long, but this grand array formation doesn’t show any signs of weakening. Looks like we can’t force our way in. Let’s take our time to think about it!” the Sect Master of the Paradise Cult, the Xiaoyao Cult Master, echoed..

Chapter 134 You’re Li Yu? (2)
“Do you have any good ideas?” asked Demon Lord Zi Ji.

In fact, he still had some trump cards. However, he had selfish motives and did not want to take them out unless it was necessary.

Moreover, in his opinion, everyone had kept their trump cards to themselves. He was also waiting for the Paradise Cult and the Night God Palace to be the first to use their trump cards.

The members of the three fiend sects suddenly fell silent. Obviously, they were hesitating whether to use their trump cards.

Suddenly, the Qilin phantom disappeared. The Mi Lu Immortal Palace, enveloped by the golden light screen, suddenly shook slightly, and circles of magic power fluctuations spread.

The Immortal Hall’s door opened.

“Look, the door is open!” Everyone from the three fiend sects looked over in surprise and was delighted with anticipation. They were guessing if the Immortal Palace might have opened up to the public.

However, right at this moment, a few figures walked out of the Immortal Palace’s door.

Everyone stared in surprise at the sight of this.

They sized up the people who walked out of the Immortal Hall in surprise.

“There’s actually someone in this hall!”

“This, what is going on? Is that the master of this Immortal Palace!”

“That’s not right. Those people don’t look like immortals!” The three fiend sects were puzzled.

The young man in the lead had the bearings of an immortal, and no one could tell his cultivation level.

However, the few individuals behind the leader seemed more ordinary in comparison. The fiend sects could tell from the magic power fluctuations emitted from their bodies that they were only ordinary cultivators.

Of course, it was not only the members of the three fiend sects who were surprised, and even Li Yu and his group who had just walked out were startled.

They had previously arrived behind this immortal hall through the teleportation array. The guardian spirit informed them that many people outside were attacking the array formation, but Li Yu did not mind.

He assumed that the people from the various Holy Lands had discovered this Immortal Palace, so he led everyone out of the hall.

Indeed, hundreds of people were gathered outside the light screen of the grand array formation.

However, judging from their attire and aura, they did not seem to be from the Holy Land’s Orthodox Sects. Instead, they looked to be from the fiend sects.

To his knowledge, there should not be anyone from the fiend sects in Lingtian Mystic Realm. Why did these hundreds of people look like they were from the fiend sects?

“Who are all of you?” After a brief moment of silence, Li Yu asked first. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

“I am the Sect Master of the Yin Yang Hall, Demon Lord Zi Ji!”

“I am the Night God Palace’s Night Soul Lord!”

“Xiaoyao of the Paradise Cult!” The sect masters of the three fiend sects introduced themselves.

This baffled Li Yu even more. As expected, they were from the fiend sects. Furthermore, three of the biggest ones were gathered here.

What’s coming up?

“Why are you in the Lingtian Mystic Realm?” Li Yu questioned coldly.

Everyone from the fiend sects gave each other a surprised look when they heard Li Yu’s words.

However, they confirmed that these people were not immortals or the master of this Immortal Palace.

They were orthodox cultivators from the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

“This isn’t the Lingtian Mystic Realm. This is the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm!” Night Soul Lord replied.

The surprise on the faces of the fiend sects intensified. If these people in front of them were from the Lingtian Mystic Realm, could this Immortal Palace be the passageway linking the Lingtian Mystic Realm and the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm?

Although the Lingtian Mystic Realm and the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm should have belonged to the same world, for some reason, they were separated into two spaces.

Night Soul Lord’s response surprised Li Yu’s group.

Is this the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm controlled by the fiend sects and demons?

Why are they here in the Virtual Sky World?

Li Yu’s team had gone astray from their set course completely. They planned to find the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s treasure, but they had entered the Misty Immortal Island for no reason. Now, they had ventured into the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm.

No wonder Dad said that the Lingtian Mystic Realm’s space was strange and unpredictable. And this is ever more true now.

“Hahaha, a cultivator from the Lingtian Mystic Realm? Kid, which sect are you from?” The Xiaoyao sect master asked with a teasing expression. “Qingyun Sect!” Li Yu replied neither humbly nor arrogantly.

Qingyun Sect?

The eyes of the three fiend sects flashed with slight shock.

They had heard of the sect before. The number one genius of the human race, Li Yu, belonged to it.

It was also a sect that they had always been curious about.

“You’re Li Yu?” Night Soul Lord frowned slightly and immediately figured out Li Yu’s identity.

After all, Li Yu’s appearance and bearing were too extraordinary with a mysterious cultivation level.

Of course, he was not the only one with a similar guess. “That’s me!” Li Yu replied.

The moment he confirmed it, a commotion broke out among the three fiend sects.

Although they made guesses earlier, they did not expect that the person in front of them was really Li Yu, nor meet him here either.

“He’s Li Yu!” Night Whisper stood by Night Soul Lord’s side and stared fixedly at Li Yu, and she could not calm down for a time.

She had always been curious about who surpassed her and became the first on the Sons of Heaven Rankings. What did he look like? And what sort of level was he at?

What did that unknown cultivation mean?

She had always been curious, but she was also a little unconvinced about losing out to Li Yu.

He seemed otherworldly. He seemed to be the center of the world as he stood there, making it impossible for anyone to ignore him.

 
Chapter 135 You’re Li Yu? (3)
Night Whisper was also an unprecedented prodigy, so she naturally had her own pride.

She had always wanted to understand the difference between her and Li Yu and what that unknown cultivation level represented.

So, when she saw Li Yu, while Night Whisper was shocked, a competitive spirit arose in her heart.

“Hahaha, kid, your luck isn’t that good since you’ve run into the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm!” Sect master Xiaoyao sneered.

As the number one prodigy of the human orthodox sects, Li Yu was a threat to the fiend sects and demons.

Therefore, many wanted to get rid of Li Yu in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm. Li Yu’s appearance here was simply like a sheep walking into the mouth of a tiger.

Upon hearing the Paradise Sect master’s words, many people revealed ruminating smiles.

As for Night Soul Lord, his face was grim, and his eyes flickered with killing intent. He did not have a good impression of Li Yu, who got the top over Night Whisper.

“Li Yu, how did you enter this Immortal Palace? What is inside?” Demon Lord Zi Ji asked. He was most concerned about the Mi Lu Immortal Palace.

“No comments, but I can tell every one of you that there’s no need to have any thoughts about this Immortal Palace. This Mi Lu Immortal Palace has already recognized me as its master!” Li Yu announced in a low voice.

The moment he said it, the expressions of the fiend sects darkened, and the killing intent in their eyes intensified.

Meanwhile, in the Immortal Martial World.

The human cultivators watching the Elegance Exhibition on the rankings were worried for Li Yu.

The conversation between Li Yu and the guardian spirit was displayed to them through Ji Qinglan’s ranking.

Everyone knew that he had obtained the recognition of Immortal Palace, and they understood why those fairies addressed Li Yu as their master.

Li Yu’s good luck shocked countless people again, and everyone was unceasingly jealous.

However, when they heard the conversation between Li Yu and the three fiend sects and learned that Li Yu and the others had ventured into the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm, they were even more shocked.

“So the Lingtian Mystic Realm and the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm are connected as the rumors suggest? This is hard to believe!”

“I’ve never heard of anyone entering the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm from the Lingtian Mystic Realm before!”

“Yeah! It’s bad news for Li Yu to barge into the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm by mistake. The fiend sects will never let him off!”

“Did Li Yu’s luck run out? How did he end up in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm? Furthermore, he ran into members of three big fiend sects the moment he came out. I think everything points to disaster today!”

No one could see the whole situation Li Yu’s group was in. Based on the content of the conversation, they felt that Li Yu’s group seemed to be in trouble.

So they couldn’t help but worry for Li Yu and his juniors.

Suddenly, a clear, ice-breaking sound resounded from the screen on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

“Li Yu, I’m Night Whisper from the Night God Palace. I would like to challenge your skills. Please enlighten me!”

Everyone’s hearts skipped a beat, and their desire to watch the show was piqued. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Although Night Whisper could not be seen on the screen, everyone knew her identity by her name.

She was once the second on the Sons of Heaven Rankings and was now in third place. However, her cultivation and capability were not to be underestimated.

Night Whisper’s challenge against Li Yu was something to look forward to.

Would Li Yu agree? And what would the outcome be?

SO

However, before Li Yu replied, Ji Qinglan’s screen time had ended. Deathly silence erupted in the heavens and the earth as the scenes and sounds vanished instantly.

Everyone looked at the Heavenly Dao Rankings in the sky with resentment.

They could not stop themselves from scratching their heads in discomfort.

The plot was just starting to get exciting. Why was it cut off again!

Heavenly Dao Rankings? Are you a dog who likes to break up chapters?

 
Chapter 136 Li Yu Have Annihilated Three Great Fiend Sects?
Li Yu frowned slightly impatiently when he heard that Night Whisper wanted to challenge him. He wasn’t in the mood to spar with her now.

He was about to refuse when Gu Yuqi stepped forward and said coldly, “You’re not worthy of challenging my senior brother. I’ll be the one sparring with you!”

Upon hearing Gu Yuqi’s words, Night Whisper’s expression turned cold, and Night Soul Lord’s eyes revealed anger.

This Qingyun Sect kid is too arrogant to claim that my beloved disciple isn’t worthy!

“Hmph, who do you think you are? How dare you say that my junior sister isn’t worthy!” “Yeah. You’re about to die, and you’re still so arrogant. You really overestimate yourself!” The other members of the Night God Palace criticized and vented their dissatisfaction. However, the Night Soul Lord could tell that Gu Yuqi’s cultivation was on par with Night Whisper.

Still, in his opinion, Night Whisper was invincible in the world against anyone in the same cultivation realm. Gu Yuqi was asking for trouble.

Night Whisper ignored Gu Yuqi, and she continued to stare at Li Yu with a fierce gaze while she waited for his reply.

Her eyes were filled with fighting intent!

She wanted to challenge Li Yu, not Gu Yuqi. In her heart, only Li Yu was worthy of competing with her.

“Senior Brother, allow me to take on the number one prodigy of the Fiend Sect for you!” requested Gu Yuqi as battle intent soared in his eyes.

Night Whisper was definitely the number one prodigy of the fiend sects and once second on the Sons of Heaven Rankings. She was also in the early stage of the Mahayana Realm.

After stepping into the Mahayana Realm, Gu Yuqi wanted to compete with Night Whisper to understand his current level.

Of course, Gu Yugi was not the only one who wanted to spar with Night Whisper.

Ye Qiu was also eager to give it a try. However, it was a pity as he knew that his current cultivation was still far inferior to Gu Yuqi, so he could only give the limelight to Gu Yuqi.

“Go on, Yu Qi!” Li Yu gave a nod of approval, and then he looked at Night Whisper, “You’re not my match. If you wish to spar. My junior brother will take on your challenge!”

Li Yu’s words made Night Whisper frown while slight anger suffused her eyes, and she clenched her fists.

As a peerless prodigy of the Night God Palace and even the entire Immortal Martial World, she was never looked down upon like this.

Previously, she did not take Gu Yuqi’s words to heart and thought of him as a clown.

However, Li Yu’s remark hurt her pride, and she felt humiliated as if her dignity had been trampled on.

She respected Li Yu as her opponent, and thus she was bothered by his attitude.

Being looked down upon by Li Yu made her feel uncomfortable.

“Why do these people from the Qingyun Sect seem cockier than those elites from the Holy Lands!”

“Hmph, you’re too full of yourself. Don’t you know how to restrain yourself after coming to our Virtual Sky Mystic Realm?” Those from the three fiend sects shouted unhappily.

“Whisper, warm up with that brat first. Show him how powerful you are!” Night Soul Lord ordered coldly.

“Right!” Night Whisper nodded, and then she glanced at Li Yu with battle intent burning in her eyes.

She desired to defeat Li Yu’s junior brother before experiencing Li Yu’s capability through sparring

Qingyun Sect. Now that its construction was completed, the entire Qingyun Sect was covered with halls and pavilions. It was grand and finally exuded the aura of a large sect.

In front of the inner sect hall, Li Qingyun withdrew his gaze from the Heavenly Dao Rankings and commented in a deep voice, “So Yu’er have barged into the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm. It seems like my conjecture back then was right. This Virtual Sky Mystic Realm and the Lingtian Mystic Realm really reconnected one day!”

“Sect Master, will it be dangerous for my senior brother and the others to enter the Virtual Sky Mystic World?” Murong Xingqiao asked worriedly.

Soon after Li Yu’s group entered the Lingtian Mystic Realm, Murong Xingqiao became a Qingyun Sect disciple.

amne a

A few days ago, some strange fragments of memory suddenly awakened in her mind, changing her views and mindset.

Consequently, she decided to enter the Qingyun Sect and become Li Qingyun’s personal disciple, focusing on her cultivation.

“Danger, there will be!” Li Qingyun replied.

“Really? Then what should we do?” Murong Xingqiao was even more worried.

She did not know much about the limit of Li Yu’s power or the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm.

Therefore, she was unsure if Li Yu would be in danger. She couldn’t help but worry for Li Yu with Li Qingyun’s comments.

“I’m saying that the demons and fiend sects in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm will be in danger!” Li Qingyun laughed.

Murong Xingqiao: “…”

Although the Elegance Exhibition of the day had ended, countless people were still immersed in it and could not extricate themselves.

Immediately, many discussed and speculated what might happen next.

“If only I could see the competition between Night Whisper and Li Yu with my own eyes!”

“I think Li Yu will definitely win easily. However, I wonder if Li Yu can escape unscathed from the three fiend sects!”

“That’s right. The Night Soul Lord, Cult Master Xiaoyao, and the Demon Lord Zi Ji are all top-notch experts! They definitely won’t let Li Yu off easily!”

“Hmm, Li Yu is a big threat to the fiend sects. Now that he’s in their hands, he’s probably doomed!”

“I don’t think so. Maybe Li Yu is better than them!”

“Yeah. It might be those three fiend sects who are doomed!”

On the Endless Sea’s Thousand Dragon Island, the elders of the Azure Dragon Tribe were gloating

Li Yu entering the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm was like a sheep entering the tiger’s den.

The various demons were just thinking of eliminating this human prodigy when he came knocking on their door.

“It’s a pity that he encountered the three fiend sects first. It would have been great if we had encountered them. He has a lot of treasures on him!”

re

“Yeah, just those five Dragon Origin Fruits are tempting enough! He even gained the recognition of the Immortal Palace!”

“Regardless, it’s not that easy for the three fiend sects to kill Li Yu. This brat must have many trump cards. But, as long as he’s in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm, he’ll die for sure!”

“Report! The Nine-Headed Lion King requests an audience!” A dragon race junior came to report.

The elders looked at each other in surprise. “Lion King Xin Teng did not enter the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm?” “What is he doing here?”

The elders thought it was strange. Every time the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm opened, it was a great chance to obtain opportunities to improve one’s cultivation and strength. Yet, Lion King Xin Teng did not enter the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm.

“Invite him in!” A clan elder ordered.

Moments later, Lion King Xin Teng arrived in the air behind the lead of a member of the dragon race. Beside him was a handsome young man in a green brocade robe with an extraordinary aura.

“What a rare guest. The Lion King rarely visits our Thousand Dragon Island!” A clan elder spoke first.

“Hahaha, it’s just that this King isn’t fond of the taste of the sea!” Lion King Xin Teng laughed.

“I wonder what brings you here today, Lion King?”

“Of course, it’s to discuss important matters together and open up a new era for our demon race!” Lion King Xin Teng smiled.

Upon hearing Lion King Xin Teng’s words, the Azure Dragon elders looked at each other meaningfully before looking at the man beside Lion King

He had the bearing of an immortal, and his cultivation was unfathomable. The aura he emitted was also extraordinary, so this person must have an exceptional background.

“Oh, I wonder what’s the matter?” The Azure Dragon elder asked. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Lion King Xin Teng did not answer as he looked at the unrelated people in the hall.

The old man understood what he meant and immediately drove the juniors away.

They knew that the Nine-Headed Lion race never visited unless they needed something.

Furthermore, he did not go to the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm and brought along such an extraordinary man.

He must have planned something big, and they had some guesses about this scheme.

“Sigh, the Heavenly Dao Rankings are really whetting my appetite. I wonder how everyone from the Qingyun Sect is doing?”

Many were still thinking about how the story unfolded after Li Yu’s group entered the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm by mistake and encountered the three fiend sects.

They wished they could fly to the scene to see it for themselves.

At this moment, a sudden change occurred in the Sons of Heaven Rankings. The names of the prodigies on the rankings belonging to the Night God Palace, the Yin Yang Hall, and the Paradise Cult suddenly turned gray, and the word ‘deceased’ appeared behind them.

Many noticed this change, instantly causing another big stir.

A possibility surfaced in everyone’s minds.

Li Yu had really fought with the three fiend sects and killed them.

“That third place Night Whisper isn’t dead yet!”

“She might have escaped by chance!” “Li Yu actually killed those from the three fiend sects?”

“Hahaha, what did I say just now? The ones who are doomed are indeed from the three fiend sects! Hahaha!”

“Unbelievable! How strong is this Li Yu?! Even the many top-notch experts of the three fiend sects are not his match?”

“This guy has probably already become an immortal. Gu Yuqi’s cultivation level has already soared to the Mahayana Realm by consuming the immortal pills. Li Yu must have eaten some himself. He’s probably already entered the Immortal Spirit Realm!”

“That’s possible. It would make sense. No wonder the Immortal Palace could recognize him as its master. It seems like he’s already in the Immortal class!”

Everyone’s imagination ran wild, and they began to speculate on everything that happened in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm.

After all, not a single person from the Qingyun Sect on the rankings was dead.

However, only Night Whisper remained from the three fiend sects, so the answer was obvious.

Yet, the truth was not as everyone thought.

e

At the moment, in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm. On the ruins around the Mi Lu Immortal Palace.

The bodies of over 600 people from the three fiend sects were penetrated by black threads. They were like 600 string puppets. On the other side of the black lines was a terrifying demonic existence.

Purple and black energy swirled around its body. Black wings grew on its back, and two horns grew on its head. It had an ice-cold expression, and its eyes were blood red.

There was only bloodthirst and cruelty in its eyes, without any humanity.

Not long ago, Gu Yuqi walked out of the defense array formation of the Mi Lu Immortal Palace and sparred with Night Whisper.

The two had similar cultivation levels and abilities, so the battle was a stalemate.

However, before the victor could be determined, a gigantic black shadow suddenly rushed out of the ruins. A powerful domain instantly enveloped the area within a few dozen kilometers.

Those from the three fiend sects enveloped by the domains were imprisoned on the spot.

Then, thin black threads of demonic aura gathered and instantly impaled the bodies of everyone present like arrows.

Those below the Mahayana Realm could not withstand the domain’s pressure and the power of the black threads, dying instantly.

More than 600 people from the three fiend sects were alive moments ago, and only less than eight Mahayana Realm experts were left. They were still alive, but they had almost lost their combat strength.

Fortunately, those from the Qingyun Sect inside the Immortal Palace’s defensive array formation were safe.

However, Gu Yuqi, who was sparring with Night Whisper, was similarly attacked. He was restrained on the black thread and on the verge of death…

Chapter 137 The Demon Race’s Grand Plan, Birth of a True Dragon
In the air, the corpses of the three fiend sects were suspended by the black threads. Their magic power was instantly extracted by the black threads.

Zi Ji, Cult Master Xiaoyao, the Night Soul Lord, and the rest had pale faces. Blood flowed from the corners of their mouths as their auras weakened.

Their eyes were filled with shock and reluctance.

They never imagined that they would die in the hands of such a demon while cultivating the demonic path. It was simply ironic.

The demon in front of them was too powerful. So powerful that the fiend sect experts could barely put up any resistance. They were as weak as an ant, and any struggle or resistance was as useless as an ant shaking a tree.

“Am I going to die here today?” Night Soul Lord could not accept this, but he could not muster any strength. Even breathing was difficult.

Meanwhile, Night Whisper was also reluctant to accept this fate.

She did not want to die, nor did she want to die in such a meaningless manner. She was like an ant that had been inadvertently trampled to death, a dust particle lost into a deserted corner.

There should still be many possibilities in her life. She still had many dreams and things she had yet to accomplish.

She had not even sparred with Li Yu to see how strong he was!

However, any struggles and screams from the soul could not affect the disappearing life and death itself.

Right when Night Whisper felt her will was about to vanish, a figure suddenly appeared in her field of vision.

His black hair danced lightly, and his clothes fluttered. The sword in his hand was like a three-foot-long flowing light that tore through the sky.

In an instant, silence reigned as time seemed to have stopped!

The ferocious devil with a torrential demonic aura froze. Its blood-red eyes widened as it looked at Li Yu in horror and the indifferent expression on his face.

“No…”

With a roar, the devil’s body exploded with a bang, turning into demonic Qi that filled the sky.

Li Yu’s strike had not only killed that powerful devil.

It was also like a bolt of lightning that struck the hearts of Night Whisper, the Night Soul Lord, and the other fiend sect experts.

If the divine art of the devil sucked away all of their magic power, then Li Yu’s strike made their minds go blank.

They even forgot that they were half a step into the gates of hell and forgot the fear in their hearts.

There was only one emotion left in their heart: shock!

Incomparable shock!

They would never have thought that such a powerful and terrifying devil that could instantly make them lose their ability to resist was actually killed by a single strike from Li Yu.

It was as simple as cutting grass and melon.

How strong is Li Yu?

The moment the devil was killed, the natural oddity Demon Spirit Pearl automatically flew out of the system space and devoured the demonic Qi that filled the sky instantly.

Immediately after, nine drops of golden liquid floated in the air, emitting powerful magic waves.

“Ding… successful collection of divine beast Chao Feng’s blood essence!”

With the system’s voice, the nine drops of golden liquid and the Demon Spirit Pearl flew in front of Li Yu and were stored in the system’s space.

With the devil killed, the domain power in the area instantly disappeared, and the black threads began dissipating.

Demon Lord Zi Ji, Cult Master Xiaoyao, Night Soul Lord, Night Whisper, Gu Yuqi, and the rest of the survivors finally caught their breaths.

However, their weak bodies could no longer stay up in the air. They fell from the sky with the hundreds of corpses and landed heavily on the ground.

Meanwhile, Gu Yuqi was caught by Li Yu.

“Junior Brother, are you alright?” Li Yu asked as he immediately took out an immortal pill and stuffed it into Gu Yuqi’s mouth.

While Li Yu sympathized with Gu Yuqi’s plight, he did not know whether to laugh or cry.

He vaguely felt that the sudden appearance of this demonic thing was also attracted by Gu Yuqi’s fancy unlucky physique. And the outcome was not unexpected as he had indeed obtained something good again.

Gu Yuqi’s luck was really bizarre!

At the moment, Demon Lord Zi Ji, Cult Master Xiaoyao, the Night Soul Lord, Night Whisper, and a few other surviving fiend sect experts lay on the ground, heavily panting as sweat had drenched their clothes.

They all stared at Li Yu, and it was impossible to calm down for a long time.

They finally understood what Li Yu’s unknown cultivation represented.

They finally understood why the Heavenly Dao Rankings had given Li Yu the additional reward and why auspicious signs had descended from the heavens when he ascended the rankings.

Li Yu was no mortal. He was a true god. After her shock, Night Whisper gave a bitter laugh, and she was truly ashamed of her inferiority.

She had wanted to challenge Li Yu previously, and she was enraged because she felt that Li Yu was looking down on her. She even felt that Li Yu was arrogant and conceited.

Now, the clown was actually herself. Li Yu was not full of himself. He was just too powerful.

She was not only not his match, because she was even inferior to a finger of his!

For such a god-like expert to say such things to him was already giving him enough face.

Li Yu quickly sent Gu Yuqi to the Immortal’s Palace to treat his injuries. With the immortal pill, Gu Yuqi should be able to recover soon. As for the fiend sects, he could not be bothered with them.

“You guys may return to the Misty Immortal Island with Junior Brother Gu. Use the Immortal Spring and immortal pills to continue your cultivation. There are still too many potential threats in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm. You lot have to improve your cultivation a little more!” Li Yu remarked.

If not for the fact that the Qingyun Sect disciples were all in the defensive array formation of the Immortal Palace when the devil appeared just now, they would probably have died on the spot like the fiend sects.

Therefore, Li Yu felt that it was safer to let everyone stay on the Misty Immortal Island for the time being Using this way, he could travel alone while bringing the Immortal Palace along and save the worry about his juniors encountering any unknown danger.

After sending his junior brothers back to the Misty Immortal Island, Li Yu walked out of the Mi Lu Immortal Palace again.

With a thought, the Immortal Palace rapidly shrank and was kept in the system storage space.

Upon seeing this, Demon Lord Zi Ji, Cult Master Xiaoyao, the Night Soul Lord, and the others were filled with envy. They were also curious about what was inside the palace.

However, it was like when ordinary people would not have the chance to interact no matter how envious they were of their boss’s goddess-like wife.

After putting away the Immortal Palace, Li Yu felt melancholic. He did not know how to return to the Lingtian Mystic Realm.

He opened the mission interface again and was surprised to find that there seemed to be an entrance to the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s treasury here.

It seemed like the Lingtian Mystic Realm and the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm were connected in many ways.

It was not impossible to return to the Lingtian Mystic Realm again.

Thousand Dragon Island, Azure Dragon Race’s Dragon Palace. After hearing Lion King Xin Teng’s words, the elders had complicated expressions as they exchanged looks.

“The Golden Feather Race, the Holy Ape Clan, the Nine-Headed Snake Clan, and the Demon Fox Clan have already submitted to my son. The Phoenix Race has also agreed to cooperate with us. Now, only your Azure Dragon Race is left! If your clan is willing to cooperate, my son can give your race a great fortune that will surely improve your clan’s strength.” 

Lion King Xin Teng continued. “Everyone, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Whether our demon race can rule over the human race and dominate the Immortal Martial World will depend on this!”

“This… His Majesty isn’t here. We need time to think over this!” An elder of the Azure Dragon Race said in a low voice.

It was a serious matter, and they did not dare to make a decision on their own.

After all, this was a total war with the Human Race, and it concerned the fate of the entire Azure Dragon Race. “What’s there to think about? As you can see, the human race has a monster like Li Yu. He has extraordinary luck. How many fortunes did he obtain in the Lingtian Mystic Realm at this stage? The cultivation of the Qingyun Sect disciples has been soaring.

“If this continues, after the Qingyun Sect comes out of the mystic realm, our demon race will probably not have the chance to turn things around anymore!” Lion King Xin Teng explained.

“Greetings, elders!” A voice suddenly sounded from outside the hall.

“What is it?”

“Elder, it’s a joyous occasion. The third princess has reached the top of the Sons of Heaven Rankings!” The voice outside the door was excited.

The elders of the Azure Dragon Race were also pleasantly surprised.

He immediately stood up and quickly walked out of the palace. He looked up and was immediately pleasantly surprised. Indeed, Long Yue, once ranked fifth on the Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings, jumped to first place. What made the Azure Dragon Tribe even more excited was that Long Yue’s cultivation base had reached the Immortal Spirit Realm.

“The third princess has actually evolved into a true dragon!” All the elders were beyond excited.

They knew that Long Yue must have obtained a supreme opportunity in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm that allowed the third princess to evolve into a True Dragon.

For humans, stepping into the Immortal Spirit Realm meant becoming immortal. Their mortal bodies would transform into immortal bodies to become true immortals.

For the Azure Dragon Race, stepping into the Immortal Spirit Realm meant evolving into a True Dragon, becoming a divine beast from a demon beast to an existence comparable to the True Azure Dragon. After all these years, their Azure Dragon Race had finally produced another true dragon. The entire Thousand Dragon Island was in an uproar as countless Azure Dragon clansmen cheered excitedly.

The birth of a true dragon-level expert in the Azure Dragon Race was definitely a joyous occasion for the entire race.

Seeing Long Yue exceeding Xin Ba to become the first on the rankings and stepping into the Immortal Spirit Realm, Lion King Xin Teng was also filled with shock and envy.

He thought that Xin Ba would become the first prodigy of the demon race to enter the Immortal Spirit Realm in the past hundred thousand years.

He did not expect the Azure Dragon Tribe to be so lucky to have Long Yue obtain some sort of great opportunity to evolve into a True Dragon.

However, jealousy was one thing. Lion King Xin Teng did not lose his bearing as he seized this opportunity, “Congratulations. The Azure Dragon race is indeed blessed by the heavens. Your luck is extraordinary. The world will definitely belong to the Azure Dragon race and our demon race in the future. Elders, don’t hesitate anymore. This is the era of our demon race’s rise!”

“Hahaha, alright. We agree to cooperate with you, but we have a request! The Primordial Dao Holy Land shall belong to our Azure Dragon Race. We won’t compete for anything else!”

“This…” Lion King Xin Teng frowned.

“Deal!” The green-robed man beside him, who had not spoken all this while, replied.

Seeing the young master of the Nine Heavens Immortal Realm nod in agreement, Lion King Xin Teng did not say anything else.

“Alright, then it’s a deal!”

Chapter 138 Social Embarrassment Ranking, Dragon Race Highlights (1)
“Whisper, take this pill!” Night Soul Lord handed Night Whisper a pill.

“Thank you, Master!” Night Whisper ate the pill and began to meditate and recover. The Night Soul Lord looked at the corpses of the surrounding elders and disciples, and his heart was torn.

There were nearly 200 people. Almost half of the top experts of the Night God Palace were present.

Almost all his best disciples had died just like that. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

How could it not hurt?

Demon Lord Zi Ji and Master Xiaoyao were equally heartbroken. Their hearts were bleeding

They did not expect such a disaster to occur.

They had entered the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm several times in the past. Although they would also encounter life-threatening danger and powerful enemies, they would only sacrifice a few people at most. They always had a way to escape.

They had never encountered such a powerful and terrifying devil.

It instantly killed all the cultivators below the Mahayana Realm the moment it came out. If Li Yu had not acted in time, even their lives would have been lost.

The power of that devil was simply terrifying. Not even immortals in the Immortal Spirit Realm or the Upper Immortal Realm were his match. “The appearance of this devil means that things are changing in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm!” Demon Lord Zi Ji said with a worried expression.

He speculated that the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm’s destruction and degeneration into a wasteland world were probably linked to this devil.

This devil had never appeared in the past. Its sudden appearance was definitely not a coincidence.

“That’s right. There’s a reason for the appearance of the Heavenly Dao Rankings. The Virtual Sky Mystic Realm isn’t the only one changing. I’m afraid that the sky is changing in our Immortal Martial World, as well!” Cult Master Xiaoyao was worried, with a grave expression. “But maybe Li Yu will become the savior!” added Night Soul Lord.

Li Yu could kill such a terrifying devil with a single strike.

It was enough to prove that his strength far surpassed that devil.

Coupled with the fact that the annotations regarding Li Yu’s cultivation on the Heavenly Dao Rankings were unknown. Li Yu’s cultivation might have reached an extremely terrifying height. It might even have surpassed the cultivation realms they were familiar with.

Furthermore, the Heavenly Dao Rankings had bestowed Li Yu with the heavenly phenomenon and additional rewards.

From this, Li Yu might have been the chosen one of the Heavenly Dao. The person who could save the Immortal Martial Realm.

“It’s possible. This kid is too extraordinary. There has never been a genius like Li Yu in the history of the Immortal Martial Realm!”

“Indeed, he deserves to be the number one prodigy of the human race!”

“Speaking of which, since this child could spare our lives, it means that he doesn’t hate us as much as those from the Holy Land. This is a blessing for our fiend sects!”

“Well, it’s a good thing we didn’t say anything too overboard earlier. Otherwise, if we had really offended Li Yu, our fiend sects would have really suffered!” Demon Lord Zi Ji, Paradise Cult Master Xiaoyao, and the Night Soul Lord felt a lingering fear. Although that devil was frightening, Li Yu was even more terrifying.

If they offended Li Yu, it would be as easy as stepping on a few ants to destroy their sects with his capability.

The Azure Dragon Race’s Long Yue stepping into the Immortal Spirit Realm displayed on the Sons of Heavens Rankings caused a stir in the entire Immortal Martial Realm.

It also made Long Yue famous and received worldwide attention.

Although Long Yue started off fifth on the Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings, most people remembered the top prodigy of the Azure Dragon Race, Long Ao, and the previous number one on this ranking Xin Ba.

Now that Long Yue had reached the top of the rankings as a True Dragon, it had shocked many people. It also caused panic and heavy hearts among the human cultivators.

After all, the appearance of a true dragon in the Azure Dragon Race was a huge threat to the human race.

If Li Yu didn’t obtain the extraordinary fortunes as observed by everyone during this period, and reassured the humans and gave them hope of more immortals in the human race. They would probably be more panicked and uneasy.

Compared to the heavy hearts of the humans, the Azure Dragon Race was jubilant.

However, Long Tiancang, Long Ao, and Long Zhi in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm were unaware that Long Yue had already entered the Immortal Spirit Realm.

They did not even know if Long Yue was alive or dead.

Yesterday, they accidentally discovered this underground palace and came in to search for treasures.

After entering the third level, they were attacked by a powerful guardian spirit.

During the fight, Long Yue was sucked into a sudden strange vortex. Her whereabouts and fate were unknown.

As the daughter Long Tiancang doted on the most and the prodigy second only to Long Ao, he wanted to find her dead or alive.

No matter what, he could not abandon her. Furthermore, Long Tiancang had always felt that Long Yue should still be alive, somewhere in this underground palace.

Hence, he led the Azure Dragon Race to search for Long Yue in the underground palace.

After many difficulties, they finally arrived at the fifth floor of the underground palace.

They discovered the Red Lotus True Flame sealed in the crystal tombstone.

It was a True Fire that looked like a red lotus flower. Every petal was a wisp of flame. It was incomparably gorgeous, but it was filled with a destructive aura.

This was a flame that existed in legends. Long Tiancang had never seen it with his own eyes, and he had only heard of some descriptions of this flame in some ancient books.

The Red Lotus True Flame could restrain evil demon cultivators and burn the soul.

The flame energy was also filled with a terrifying destructive power that could even reduce an immortal artifact to ashes.

However, there was also a powerful guardian spirit on the fifth level. The crystal tombstone sealing the Red Lotus True Flame was also protected by a powerful restriction.

 
Chapter 139 Social Embarrassment Ranking, Dragon Race Highlights (2)
Therefore, Long Tiancang led a group of Azure Dragon experts to deal with the guardian spirit together. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

As for Long Ao, he had used his magic power to break through the restriction alone. In the end, he had to spend a lot of effort to break through?it.

However, what Long Ao did not expect was that the moment the Red Lotus True Flame on the other side of the river broke through the seal.

A delicate figure suddenly appeared out of nowhere and seized the opportunity to snatch the Red Lotus True Flame. Long Ao’s expression changed drastically. He immediately rushed forward and got engaged with it, allowing him to see the appearance of that figure clearly.

гарс

It was a girl in a red dress. She looked like a porcelain doll, and her level was on par with his.

However, the girl did not continue to fight. She used a strange illusion and movement technique to escape after breaking free from Long Ao. She fled very quickly and disappeared from the fifth level in the blink of an eye.

Although Long Tiancang and the others had also seen the red-dressed girl, they were engaged with the guardian spirit and could not help for the time being.

When they could finally give chase, Long Ao had already chased after the red-dressed girl and disappeared.

“Father, who was that girl just now?” Long Zhi asked.

He felt that the Azure Dragon Race’s luck had not been good over the past few days. They had suffered heavy losses during the battle for the Dragon Origin Fruit.

His third sister, Long Yue, had disappeared in the underground palace this time, and her fate was unknown.

It had not been easy for them to obtain the True Flame, but it had been snatched away by some unknown fellow.

“That’s not a young girl. She’s probably older than your grandfather. But I’ve never seen this person before. I wonder which clan’s old demon dares to snatch a treasure from my dragon clan. She must be tired of living!” Long Tian’s brows furrowed tightly, and his expression was slightly gloomy.

“Will Big Brother be fine chasing alone?” Long Zhi asked worriedly.

“Your older brother is slightly stronger than me, so he should be fine. Even if he can’t take the treasure back, it shouldn’t be a problem for him to escape unscathed. We’ll stay here and continue searching for your third sister while waiting for Long Ao’s return!” Long Tiancang ordered.

He gathered everyone to rest and reorganize before entering the underground palace again.

Compared to the joy of the dragon race, the atmosphere of the Night God Palace, Yin Yang Hall, and the Paradise Cult was especially oppressive.

All the best disciples of their sects on the rankings had suddenly perished, leaving the elders and disciples of the three fiend sects in panic.

They did not know what was going on in the Virtual Sky World, but from the contents of the rankings yesterday, they could tell that something was wrong. There was a high possibility that the Qingyun Sect’s Li Yu had killed everyone.

While the three fiend sects were shocked, they were filled with grief and resentment.

Many impulsive elders clamored to seek revenge on the Qingyun Sect.

Fortunately, the rest of the more rational elders controlled the situation.

They were not afraid of death, nor were they cowards. They simply felt that they could not jump to conclusions regarding this matter.

Furthermore, they believed that Li Yu could not kill the elites of the various families under the noses of so many experts of the three fiend sects.

Therefore, they proposed to wait for their sect members to return or for Night Whisper to ascend the Genius Excellence Rankings before deciding after observing the situation and figuring out the reason. After all, Night Whisper’s name had always been firmly at the third position on the Sons of Heaven Rankings, and there was no sign of her death.

And with her abilities and demeanor, it was likely that she would enter the Excellence Rankings.

Although this matter was temporarily suppressed on the surface, some elders of the three fiend sects still began to act secretly and send people to investigate the Qingyun Sect. This afternoon, the latest person on the Genius Excellence Rankings was refreshed.

Excellence Rankings # 35: Long Ao

Identity: The Crown Prince of the Azure Dragon Race

Origin: Demon Race’s Azure Dragon Race

Long Ao’s appearance on the ranking attracted the attention of everyone. The current Azure Dragon Race was definitely the most eye-catching demon race. Long Yue evolving into a true dragon yesterday had brought glory to the Azure Dragon Race.

Furthermore, everyone was curious about what kind of opportunity Long Yue had obtained.

Hence, when they saw Long Ao on the rankings today, everyone’s enthusiasm soared.

They hoped to see the tip of the iceberg of the truth through Long Ao’s Elegance Exhibition.

Soon, the Elegance Exhibition began. Long Ao’s appearance appeared in the image in the sky, and his disposition was undeniable.

“This is the Dragon King’s eldest son. As expected of the former number one prodigy of the dragon race and the previous second on the Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings. He’s indeed incredible!”

“I heard that this child is a peerless prodigy rarely seen in the dragon race in ten thousand years. He even fused a dragon pearl and two dragon bones of an ancient azure dragon. Even the Dragon King is not his match!” “Indeed. Long Ao used to be the one with the highest chance of becoming a true dragon, but his younger sister beat him to it!”

“However, this child should be able to become a True Dragon soon too!” Many discussed.

On Thousand Dragon Island, the Azure Dragon Race held a grand ceremony hosted by a group of elders.

On the one hand, this ceremony celebrated the birth of the true dragon in the Azure Dragon Race. On the other hand, it was to announce the alliance between the Azure Dragon Race and the various demon races and the upcoming grand scheme of the demon race.

They would vow to flatten the human factions and occupy the various Holy Lands.

They would take over control of the teleportation arrays of the Lingtian Mystic Realm and trap many of the human orthodox sects in it forever.

At the same time, the elders would distribute the immortal seeds that the mysterious young master of the Immortal Domain had given to the Azure Dragon Race.

This immortal seed was special. After refining and fusing, it could improve one’s talent and improve one’s cultivation and power level. Yesterday, the elders refined and fused it, and they benefited greatly.

They also believed that with the help of this immortal seed, the overall strength of the Azure Dragon Race would surely improve.

 
Chapter 140 Social Embarrassment Ranking, Dragon Race Highlights (3)
They wanted to give the Dragon King and Long Yue a big gift when they returned.

The entire Azure Dragon Race was in high spirits. They had been waiting for this day for a long time. The era of human domination was about to end.

The future Immortal Martial World would definitely belong to the demon race.

“Humans, you shall admire the graceful bearing of our Crown Prince Long Ao sooner or later. Please remember this face. He will not only become the king of our dragon race in the future, but he will also become your king.

“In the future, you will kneel in front of Crown Prince Long Ao and bow down to him!” the Azure Dragon elders said excitedly.

Although Long Yue had become the true dragon first, the number one prodigy of the Azure Dragon Race still belonged to Long Ao in their hearts.

The future Dragon King would also be him. And they believed that Long Ao would become a true dragon soon.

In the sky, after a brief showcase of Long Ao’s appearance ended, the scene in the sky instantly became a live broadcast.

Long Ao’s expression was cold as he flew at top speed. At the same time, his voice sounded, “You brat, you can’t escape! Return the Red Lotus True Flame to me!”

The moment this was said, the top experts of the previous generation of the human and demon races were shocked. They had heard of the Red Lotus True Flame before and knew it was an extremely precious flame-type oddity. “Long Ao do have the amazing luck to have obtained such a natural oddity!”

“Looks like he’s not far from becoming a true dragon!” “Hmph, you’re really a lingering ghost!” Another voice sounded. It was a girl’s voice, clear and bright. However, it did not take long before Long Ao deployed his mystic skill and fought with the young girl. A loud clashing of powers reverberated throughout the area.

Everyone understood that the girl had probably robbed Long Ao of his opportunity.

After a while, the two of them were evenly matched. The red-dressed girl suddenly used a strange movement technique to break free from Long Ao’s hold and continued to flee.

However, Long Ao soon caught up to her again.

However, this time, the red-dressed girl did not continue to escape.

Long Ao sneered, “Why aren’t you escaping anymore?”

The girl in the red dress had a sullen expression as she snorted. “Since you want this Red Lotus True Fire so much, here you go!”

As she spoke, the young woman suddenly threw the Red Lotus True Flame to Long Ao before she turned around and fled.

Long Ao caught the Red Lotus True Flame and smugged, “There we go…!”

However, before he finished the last word, Long Ao sensed something was wrong. The flame energy of the red lotus in his hand suddenly fluctuated violently. The flower rapidly expanded before exploding with a bang.

Dazzling flames instantly engulfed Long Ao and everything around him. A loud noise shook the earth. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Even the spectators of the Heavenly Dao Rankings seemed to sense the terrifying power of the explosion too.

The screen in the sky was instantly filled with piercing light, and the spectators could not see anything

When the light dissipated, they saw a charred, smoking dragon body falling from the sky while emitting smoke. With a final crashing noise, it smashed into the dense forest below.

After a cloud of dust, a voice sounded on the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

“Holy shit! I was just thinking of roasting some meat, and this roasted dragon fell from the sky. Dad mentioned that dragon’s meat is pretty delicious too. Mm, it does smell good. The temperature is just right. Crispy on the outside and tender on the inside!”

Upon hearing this voice, the entire world fell silent.

Everyone was familiar with this voice. It was Li Yu!

 
Chapter 141 What a Miserable Dragon
Silence rang out.

The lively and enthusiastic Azure Dragon Race fell silent as if someone had poured a basin of cold water on their heads.

Everyone stared at the burning Long Ao on the Heavenly Dao Rankings with blackened faces.

This was supposed to be the glorious moment for the peerless prodigy who shouldered the glory and pride of the Azure Dragon Race’s current generation. He was the Crown Prince who carried their future and hopes.

Under the gazes of countless people, he was actually cooked by the red-dressed girl. What was more terrifying was what Li Yu said…

Is he really going to… eat Long Ao?

Countless human cultivators unkindly laughed when they saw Long Ao being blasted and humiliated in public.

The demon race and the human race were already enemies, and the Azure Dragon race was a formidable enemy for the human race.

With the demons flourishing, humans would definitely be suppressed and humiliated.

Over the years, the decline of the human race and the prosperity of the demon race made many human cultivators miserable. Many cultivation resources controlled by humans had been devoured and robbed by the demons.

Countless cultivators were also bullied and killed by the demons while adventuring in places like the Grand Desolate Forest and the Black Mist Mountain Range.

Especially a top prodigy like Long Ao, whose hands were stained with the blood of countless human cultivators.

Therefore, in the hearts of most human cultivators, Long Ao was their enemy and threat.

Seeing him make a fool of himself, they were overjoyed.

“Hahaha, Long Ao is really embarrassed this time!”

“Haha, that’s right. The Azure Dragon Race has really lost face this time.”

“Is Li Yu really going to eat Long Ao? I’m suddenly looking forward to it!”

“Of course, he had to!”

“Long Ao isn’t dead yet! Long Ao’s name hasn’t turned gray on the Sons of Heaven Rankings and the Genius Excellence Rankings. He shouldn’t be dead yet.”

“Li Yu must kill this dragon and eat his meat. How could he not eat the meat delivered to his mouth!”

Countless human cultivators cheered as they watched the commotion.

Suddenly, Li Yu’s voice sounded from the screen in the sky again.

He sounded to be chewing, “Mm, although it’s not as good as the meat of the Chongming Bird, it’s still considered a delicacy. Not bad, another piece…”

Li Yu really began eating!

Countless cultivators’ eyes widened as they smiled.

Right at this moment, the enormous dragon body in the scene suddenly twisted, and it even let out a faint dragon roar. “Whoa, you’re all cooked, and you’re still alive! Take this!”

Poof…

After Li Yu said this, Long Ao’s charred body froze, and then he fell weakly to the ground with a bang and stopped moving.

At the same time, on the Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings and the Genius Excellence Rankings.

Long Ao’s name turned gray, and the word [Deceased) surfaced.

The screen in the sky also disappeared. “Hahahaha…”

The human cultivators could not hold back their laughter anymore. Li Yu did not disappoint them after all. He really killed Long Ao.

Furthermore, it was obvious what would happen next. Long Ao was most likely going to be eaten by Li Yu.

That was the number one prodigy of the Azure Dragon Clan, the future Dragon King, and the renowned Crown Prince-Long Ao.

He died just like that!

He was first roasted by the red-dressed girl.

Then, his life was ended by Li Yu.

He was even treated as roasted meat.

Furthermore, it was not only physical death for Long Ao but also a social one. It might be worse than Emperor Hengyun. “What a miserable dragon!”

“Hahaha, well done, Li Yu. Well eaten!”

“As expected, he didn’t disappoint us. Li Yu ate… I mean, he eliminated a hidden danger for our human race!”1

The human cultivators were satisfied with this outcome.

Meanwhile, those from the Great Xia Dynasty had long expected such an outcome. Since Li Yu could even eat the Chongming Bird, eating an Azure Dragon was a piece of cake. “This is bad. The Azure Dragon Race is definitely going to be angry. There’s probably going to be a war!” Some timid people were afraid that this would trigger a war between the humans and the Azure Dragon Race.

This was especially true now that the Azure Dragon Clan had produced a true dragon at the Immortal Spirit Realm like Long Yue.

“What’s there to be afraid of? Long Yue is also in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm. Once they come out, Li Yu and Gu Yuqi might already break into the Immortal Spirit Realm!”

“That’s right. Didn’t Li Yu enter the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm as well? Perhaps Long Yue will die in Li Yu’s hands too!”

“That would be great!”

Meanwhile, on the Thousand Dragon Island, a haze shrouded the hearts of all the Azure Dragons.

The elders of the Azure Dragon Race were furious and heartbroken.

“Li Yu! You bastard!”

“The Azure Dragon Clan will flatten the Qingyun Sect and kill that brat, Li Yu!” At this moment, dark clouds gathered above the elders.

Then, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled. Bolts of lightning began to strike the top of their heads.

In the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm. After the dazzling flames disappeared, the red-dressed girl appeared in the sky again.

Her jade hand grabbed the Red Lotus True Flame that had transformed into a lotus flower again and kept it in her storage bag.

“The power of these two types of True Fire, when used together, is indeed fascinating!” The red-dressed girl said with a smile.

In the process of being pursued by Long Ao, she had injected a type of energy called Purple Sun True Fire that she controlled into the Red Lotus True Flame.

Finally, she threw the Red Lotus True Flame to Long Ao before the two flames reacted violently, causing the scene from before.

After putting away the Red Lotus True Flame, the red-dressed girl looked down at the forest below. A smile surfaced on her lips as she flew down.

Below, Li Yu ate a few mouthfuls of dragon meat and felt that the fire was not strong enough.

He took out the Heaven and Earth Cauldron, placed the dragon meat on the cauldron, and sprinkled his homemade spices before using the flames of the Life Spirit True Flame to continue roasting it. “Hey, hey, Little Green, this isn’t for you to eat. Don’t burn it to ashes! Look, it’s too burnt!” Li Yu tapped the cauldron with his sword and commented unhappily.

Then, he sliced off a large piece of dragon meat from the dragon’s body.

He sprinkled some spices and placed them above the cauldron to roast again. “Roast properly this time. Once I’m full, the rest of the dragon meat is yours!”

“Yes, Master!” the Life Spirit True Flame replied.

Under the grilling of the Life Spirit True Flame, the fragrance of the spices and dragon meat mixed perfectly. Oil sizzled, and the aroma spread in all directions.

“Smells good!” A bell-like voice suddenly sounded.

Li Yu looked over in surprise and saw a girl in a red dress descend from the sky.

“What kind of spices did you use to roast the meat? It smells so good!” The girl licked her red lips, blinked her large eyes, and looked greedy. “You want to eat it?” Li Yu glanced at the red-dressed young woman.

Although he did not know her background, they were strangers who had only met by chance. He did not mind sharing the delicacies together, not to mention that this dragon was shot down by her.

Although Li Yu did not see the situation in the air previously, he still noticed the loud explosion and the torrential flames.

He saw the red-dressed girl’s figure too. Therefore, he did not have to think and know that the red-dressed girl was the person who had blown up the dragon.

“Oh, may I?” The red-dressed girl looked at Li Yu with anticipation.

“Of course. Didn’t you shoot this dragon down first? Eat as much as you want!” Li Yu used his sword to cut off a piece of roasted dragon meat and threw it at the red-dressed girl.

“Thank you!” The red-dressed girl received the dragon meat happily and took a bite. Her face was filled with enjoyment and satisfaction. “Mmm, it’s delicious!”

Chapter 142 Demon God Palace (1)
“What’s your name?” The red-dressed girl asked as she chewed the dragon meat.

“Li Yu!” Li Yu replied casually before continuing chomping the dragon meat.

After entering the Lingtian Mystic Realm, he had not tasted roasted meat for many days. He could finally satisfy his craving today. Moreover, the taste of the dragon meat was indeed fresh and delicious. It was just that the texture was a little hard on the tooth.

“Li Yu? You’re the top on the human Sons of Heaven Rankings?” The red-dressed girl’s eyes brightened as she sized up Li Yu with some interest.

“Yep!” Li Yu replied casually and continued to eat his dragon meat. “Why didn’t you ask me?” The red-dressed girl asked again.

“Ask what?”

“Why didn’t you ask for my name?”

“Not interested.”

“You! Hmph, I must tell you. Remember, my name is You Rong!” The red-dressed girl held her head high and said word by word.

You Rong?

Big? Li Yu glanced at the chest. She was indeed another child-like woman…

She must be another fellow whose appearance did not match her age.

“Oh yes, why are you here in the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm? Is your Qingyun Sect a fiend sect?” asked the red-dressed girl.

“As the ancients say, don’t speak while eating or before sleeping!” Li Yu answered with a serious face.

The girl pouted and grunted. She took a big bite of the dragon meat and chewed hard.

However, she was gradually amazed by Li Yu’s shocking appetite. Such a giant dragon was actually eaten by Li Yu alone by at least 10%.

It was probably as much meat as five to six Li

Yu.

Where did all this meat go?

Are you really a human?

Are you sure you’re not a demon?

You Rong was stunned by Li Yu’s appetite. She felt that Li Yu was the human form of Taotie[1].

Is there a separate space in his stomach?

Burp!

I’m full. Awesome meal!

Li Yu rubbed his stomach in satisfaction.

At this moment, the system interface popped up.

(Found Azure Dragon Bone and Dragon Pearl! Do you want to collect them?]

Li Yu clicked on the collection button straightaway. Two dragon bones radiating golden light landed in his hand. There was also a pearl that emitted rich magic power.

“Not bad!” Li Yu was in a good mood as he put away the dragon bone and dragon pearl.

He could give Little Purple a great fortune after returning home.

Coupled with the Dragon Origin Fruit, it was not a dream for Little Purple to become a True Dragon.

Li Yu used his sword to shave off the remaining bulk of the dragon meat and saved it in the system space for his juniors to taste.

Afterward, he gave the remaining dragon body to the Life Spirit True Flame as nourishment.

“Li Yu, this Virtual Sky Mystic Realm is filled with danger. Why don’t we travel together? It’ll be safer this way!” the red-dressed girl suggested.

“Nope, it’s more dangerous for me to bring you along!” Li Yu waved to decline.

“Petty brat!” You Rong shot back unhappily. “We’ll meet again if we’re fated enough. I’ll take my leave first!” Li Yu cupped his hands and immediately fled, vanishing on the spot.

“Hmph, do you think you can get rid of me like this?” The girl shut her eyes slightly. Her feet took root and connected with the surrounding trees and earth.

Then, she opened her eyes and smiled. And her figure flashed as she flew in the direction of Li Yu.

The underground palace. Long Tiancang and the others were still thinking of a way to break through the guardian spirit and venture deeper into the palace to find Long Yue.

However, the hall suddenly shook. Immediately, a loud crash sounded from the depths of the hall.

The stone wall was forced open as a tall, graceful, beautiful, and fearless figure walked out.

She emitted a faint immortal glow that reflected her icy skin and jade-like countenance, making her seem even more noble and extraordinary.

She was Long Yue.

“Third princess!” “Third Sister!”

“Yue’er!” Seeing Long Yue walk over, Long Tiancang and the others were pleasantly surprised.

They were especially thrilled when they sensed Long Yue’s extraordinary aura.

“Yue’er, you, you… have you entered the Immortal Spirit Realm?” Long Tiancang asked in disbelief.

Long Yue waved her hand, and boundless immortal power poured out. With a boom, it destroyed the guardian spirit. Upon seeing this, Long Tiancang was even more certain of it.

“Father, are you hurt?” Long Yue flew over and asked in concern.

“I’m not injured. Congratulations, Yue’er! I was still worried about your safety. I didn’t expect that you would have already evolved into a True Dragon. Hahahaha, the heavens are blessing our Azure Dragon Race. The efforts of our clan over the past few days have been worth it!” Long Tiancang was absolutely excited.

The Azure Dragon clansmen were also excited.

“Where’s my big brother? Why don’t I see him?” Long Yue looked around with worried concern.

“That’s a long story. Anyway, Yueler, tell father what happened to you.”

Long Yue roughly described her encounter. After being sucked into the vortex, she entered the underground cave under the palace. She encountered a gigantic dragon skeleton with an iron sword stabbed into the dragon’s head.

She wanted to pull out that iron sword, but she did not expect that the sword would turn into a wisp of dust and dissipate with a single touch.

Meanwhile, the Azure Dragon Blood Soul in the sword fused into her body.

It allowed her to obtain the divine bloodline of the Azure Dragon, allowing her physical body to evolve into the body of the Divine Azure Dragon and her cultivation level to break into the Immortal Spirit Realm.

Hearing Long Yue’s description, Long Tiancang became even more excited. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

He did not expect that Long Yue had not only transformed into a True Dragon. She had also obtained the power of the Divine Azure Dragon Bloodline and became the strongest Divine Azure Dragon.

[1] Ancient Chinese mythological creature that is known for its gluttonous nature

Chapter 143 Demon God Palace (2)
Although they were both in the Immortal Spirit Realm, the Divine Azure Dragon’s strength was better than the True Azure Dragon.

There will be plenty of room for a Divine Azure Dragon’s growth in the future.

It was like an ordinary person suddenly changing his fate and obtaining a powerful physique, allowing him to become a peerless genius. “I’ve worried father for the past few days, but… father, where has my brother gone?” Long Yue asked about Long Ao. Long Ao and Long Zhi were the closest to her among her siblings.

Long Tiancang told Long Yue about what had happened. She understood and felt relieved. “Mmm, with Big Brother’s abilities, he should be able to successfully take that true flame back!”

The Azure Dragons waited for a day in the underground palace for Long Ao to return.

Long Tiancang, Long Yue, and the others could not help but worry again. They were a little worried about Long Ao’s safety, so they have decided to search for him.

Li Yu followed the system’s directions and rushed to the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s treasury.

However, he kept feeling that the Qing Cang Ancient Emperor’s treasure was like the sun. It was right in front of him, but the sun was still out of his reach no matter how hard he chased.

This day, as Li Yu was traveling, he saw a myriad of lights in the distance. Waves of energy fluctuations were like tidewater that surged endlessly in all directions.

There were 36 enormous jade pillars that reached into the clouds.

Every jade pillar was incomparably enormous, and lifelike statues of gods were carved on them. They were solemn, dignified, and awe-inspiring Upon a closer look, there were more than a thousand figures gathered there, and Li Yu could vaguely hear boisterous voices.

Li Yu was curious and immediately went nearer.

Before he arrived, he saw the phantom of a palace made of light in the middle of the 36 jade pillars.

There were three words written on the plaque – Demon God Palace.

The palace’s door was open at the moment. Inside was a spatial vortex formed by seven-colored lights.

Between the 36 jade pillars were layers of translucent light screens vaguely filled with complicated runes.

Outside the two jade pillars facing the hall stood two door guardians that looked like giant spirit gods.

With both hands on their giant swords, they looked majestic and domineering as they stared at the crowd gathering before them.

“The Demon God Palace is about to open. Everyone, prepare yourselves!” One of the door guardians said. His deep and resonant voice echoed between the heaven and earth like the sound of thunder.

Upon hearing this, the crowd became restless, and excitement surfaced on their faces.

The majority were from the demon race. The Holy Ape Clan, the Phoenix Bird Race, the Demon Fox Clan, the Snake Clan, and the Demon Ox Clan’s talents were all here.

Only a small portion of them were from the fiend sects.

The Yin Yang Hall’s Demon Lord Zi Ji, the Night God Palace’s Night Soul Lord, and Night Whisper were also here.

After all, it was difficult to remain hidden with many eyes on the Demon God Palace.

“The Golden Feather Race is here too!”

Someone exclaimed when a large group of figures was flying over.

That group of people was dressed in golden feather armor, had hooked noses and cold faces. They were members of the Golden Feather Race.

“These birds are everywhere!” A tall, ferocious-looking man with a rough face from the Holy Ape Clan coldly remarked.

He was eighth on the Demon Sons of Heaven Rankings, Benbo’erba. He was also the top prodigy of the Holy Ape Clan.

“Hey, Benbo’erba, be watchful with what you say!” Not far away, a young man in luxurious brocaded clothes with a handsome feminine face remarked unhappily.

He was the current prodigy of the Phoenix Race and the Young Master, the sixth on the rankings, Qian Yu.

“Hmph, what’s the matter? Do you still want to fight? I will take you on at any time!” Benbo’erba clenched his fists and said with a furious look.

After the last Sons of Heaven Rankings was announced, he was ranked after Qian Yu. He was unconvinced and took the initiative to challenge Qian Yu from the Phoenix Clan to a draw.

Therefore, Benbo’erba had always been unconvinced. He felt that if not for Qianyu’s home ground advantage that day, he should have been able to defeat him.

“Ben, don’t cause trouble!” An old ape berated.

Benbo’erba glared at Qianyu indignantly and snorted. He still had to listen to his elders.

Furthermore, the opportunity to control the Demon God Palace was the most important thing now. If he could obtain the Demon God Palace’s inheritance, it was not impossible to make the Phoenix Bird Race and the Golden Feather Race submit to him on their knees.

The elders of the Golden Feather Race also hinted for Qianyu not to stoop to the same level as Benbo’erba.

“Young Master Hui is here too!” Seeing the group from the Golden Feather Race fly over, Qian Yu stepped forward and greeted Zha Zha Hui.

The Phoenix and Golden Feather races were on good terms as flying demons. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

“Haha, Brother Qianyu, here we meet again!” Zha Zha Hui cupped his hands with a smile.

However, his gaze was immediately attracted by a beautiful, curvy woman nearby. Her eyes were filled with admiration.

She was the top prodigy of the Nine-tailed Demon Fox Clan-Gu Yue.

“Young Master Hui, I just heard that Miss Gu Yue obtained a huge fortune and has already stepped into the Mahayana Realm! Should we go over and congratulate her?” Qian Yu saw through Zha Zha Hui’s thoughts as he asked in a blink.

“Is that so? That’s really worth celebrating. Let’s go congratulate Miss Gu Yue!” Zhai Hui laughed.

After that, he walked over to Gu Yue with Qian Yu and cupped his hands. “Miss Gu Yue, I heard that your cultivation has already stepped into the Mahayana Realm. Congratulations!”

 
Chapter 144 Demon God Palace (3)
“Thank you, Young Master Hui!” Gu Yue cupped her hands in return as a wisp of a smile surfaced on her pretty face. Even though it was only a faint smile, it was filled with charm and moved the heart.

Zha Zha Hui’s heart shook, and he almost lost his concentration.

“With Miss Gu Yue’s talent and luck, you must have a high chance of obtaining the inheritance with the appearance of the Demon God Palace today!” said Zha Zha Hui.

“Young Master Hui, you’re exaggerating. Everything depends on the opportunity!” Gu Yue said calmly.

“Young Master Hui, Miss Gu Yue, why don’t we work together? Now that all the races are here, the competition will be intense. We can obtain more benefits in the Demon God Palace if we cooperate!” Qian Yu suggested.

“That’s right. Brother Qianyu made a good suggestion. If the three of us work together, we’ll surely become the strongest team!”

Gu Yue smiled calmly and cupped her hands. “It’s in my interest!”

“The Azure Dragon Race and the Nine-Headed Lion Race didn’t come. This is unexpected!” The elders of the Nine-Headed Snake Clan looked around and remarked.

“It’s good that they didn’t come. It means fewer competitors against Bai Su!”

“Bai Su, after we enter, safety is our priority!” An elder told Bai Su.

She wore a white dress, had icy skin, jade bones, and a cold appearance. She was extremely striking as she stood amongst the members of the Nine-Headed Snake Clan.

Bai Su was the number one prodigy of the Nine-Headed Snake Clan’s current generation. Although she was only ranked ninth, their race had also obtained plenty of opportunities after entering the rankings. Bai Su’s cultivation had already reached the late stage of the Tribulation Transcendence Realm, and her strength had also increased by a large margin. 


“Alright, I understand!” Bai Su nodded.

At this moment, Benbo’erba and a few young geniuses of the Holy Ape Clan walked over. They cupped their hands and said, “Miss Bai Su, when we enter the Demon God Palace in a while, let’s form an alliance between our two races. I think the Golden Feather Race and the Phoenix Bird Race have already formed an alliance with the Fox Clan!”

The Nine-Headed Snake Clan had never had a good relationship with the Golden Feather Clan and the Phoenix Clan. They were practically enemies.

“Alright!” Bai Su nodded and did not say anything else. She naturally knew that the so-called alliance was not firm. Any conflict of interest would make it collapse instantly.

As the Golden Feather Race arrived, Li Yu arrived secretly as well. However, his arrival did not attract much attention.

Most of the people’s attention was focused on the Demon God Palace and the newly arrived Golden Feather Race.

However, Night Whisper was in the crowd and saw Li Yu immediately.

She said something to her master, Night Soul Lord. He looked in Li Yu’s direction and walked over with Night Whisper.

Arriving in front of Li Yu, the Night Soul Lord cupped his hands. “Cultivator Li, thank you for saving our lives that day! You left in a hurry last time, so we didn’t have the time to express our gratitude to you!”

“Thank you, Cultivator Li!” Night Whisper cupped her hands in thanks as well.

“I did it to save my junior brother. Saving you guys is only a matter of convenience. Don’t take it to heart!” Li Yu waved the matter off.

“No matter what, I must thank you, Cultivator Li!” Night Soul Lord remarked with a smile.

Li Yu nodded noncommittally before asking, “Do you know what’s going on here?”

“When we arrived, the Demon God Palace had already appeared. However, I heard that it descended from the sky. It should be to select the inheritor of the Demon God Palace’s legacy, and it will open shortly. Young prodigies are allowed to enter and accept the test!” Night Soul Lord replied.

“What a coincidence!” A red figure suddenly ran over and patted Li Yu’s shoulder with a sweet smile. It was the red-dressed girl—You Rong.

“You’ve followed me all the way here, and you still call it a coincidence?” Li Yu rolled his eyes at You Rong and remarked unhappily.

You Rong stuck out her tongue and smiled sweetly. “So you’ve already noticed!”

Li Yu shook his head helplessly.

At that moment, the bell sounded in the Demon God Palace. Ripples of energy suddenly spread from the gigantic jade pillars. The statue of the god carved on it seemed to have awakened. It actually moved, emitting waves of reverent chanting. “The Demon God Palace is officially open! Young talents, enter in an orderly fashion!” The Door Guardian’s loud voice sounded again.

At the same time, a door appeared between the two Door Guardians.

 
Chapter 145 Your Brother Is Burnt (1)
The Demon God Palace opened, and a group of young prodigies from the demon race and the fiend sects flew over rapidly.

After that, they lined up as required by the two Door Guardians to accept the first inspection.

“Pass!”

“Pass!” One talent after another entered the door through the inspection.

However, when the number one genius of the Netherworld Cult, Fang Wu, walked to the door to accept the inspection, he was stopped by the door god.

“Humans are not allowed to enter!” one of the door guardians stated coldly.

The fiend sects were unhappy the moment he said that.

Humans are forbidden from entering! However, they could understand on second thought.

The Demon God Palace was meant to enrich the demons.

It was understandable to prohibit humans from entering

It was a pity that this great opportunity was not fated to be with the humans.

“Looks like we have no chance of entering!” Night Whisper shook her head helplessly.

“Hmph, that is blatantly racist!” ridiculed Li

Yu.

“It’s boring. Li Yu, if you can’t enter, I won’t either!” You Rong said unhappily.

“You make it sound like you can enter if I walk in!” Li Yu snapped back.

“Of course, I can enter. I’m a demon too. Why can’t I enter!” You Rong said indignantly.

“What if your age doesn’t qualify!”

“My age doesn’t qualify?” You Rong was startled for a moment before she reacted. She immediately stomped her feet in anger. “Y-you, you, you are saying that I’m old! I’ll go in now and show you!”

Immediately, You Rong pushed away a demon in front of her and rushed to the door in a huff.

“Pass!”

Upon hearing the door guardian’s approval, You Rong turned to look at Li Yu smugly, only to see Li Yu wave at her.

“Oh no, I got tricked!” You Rong only realized it then, but the door already sucked in her body. “Young Master Hui, let’s go in too!” Qian Yu suggested.

When the Demon God Palace opened just now, everyone from the Holy Ape Clan rushed to enter. The Golden Feather Race and the Phoenix Bird Race were in no hurry.

In their opinion, they might not gain the initiative if they enter earlier. The situation inside was unclear, so it was better to let those fools enter to scout the way first.

After Li Yu watched You Rong enter, he did not retreat to the side like the other humans.

He continued to follow the geniuses toward the door.

“Hey, kid, didn’t you hear that? Humans are not allowed to enter!” The Golden Feather Race’s Zha Zha Hui sneered as he watched Li Yu walk towards the door.

Li Yu glanced at Zha Zha Hui and ignored him as he kept walking.

Night Whisper, Night Soul Lord, and the others watched from the side, and they didn’t understand what Li Yu wanted to do. Did he want to barge in by force?

“Humans are not allowed to enter!”

Indeed, as soon as Li Yu arrived near the door, both door guardians stuck their swords in front.

It blocked Li Yu’s path.

The surrounding elders and young elites scoffed.

“Does this human brat think that he’s a demon?”

“Haha, they told you not to enter, yet you still went over to invite ridicule!” “Kid, reincarnate as a demon in your next life before anything else!” Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

“Hahahaha…” Everyone from the Golden Feather Race and the Phoenix Bird Race laughed mockingly.

Li Yu ignored them.

He pulled out the sword behind him, raised it, and swung it down.

Boom!

One door guardian was chopped into two by Li

Yu.

The laughter of the demons cut abruptly!

Other than the Night Soul Lord, Night Whisper, Demon Lord Zi Ji, and the other fiend sects present, everyone was dumbfounded as they looked at Li Yu in disbelief.

Even the remaining door guardian stood on the spot with a shocked expression.

He did not dare to move, not at all!

“May I go in now?” Li Yu asked.

He was actually giving it a try. In any case, if he really could not enter, no one else could.

If there was no other way, he might as well destroy the Demon God Palace with a single strike.

“You, you, you can go in!” The remaining door guardian stammered.

His attitude was no longer as domineering as before.

The surrounding demons almost sat on the ground the moment he said that.

They felt as if their worldview had collapsed.

Is the door guardian of the Demon God Palace so unprincipled?

What shocked them more was Li Yu’s strength.

To be able to kill that Door Guardian with a single strike, this human kid’s strength is ridiculous!

Or is that Door Guardian not as powerful as he looks?

Some people present suddenly had the urge to imitate Li Yu and give it a try, but they didn’t have the courage.

“What is this boy’s background? I can’t see his cultivation at all. He seems like a mortal, but he also seems unfathomable!”

“I don’t know him, but I saw him with someone from the Night God Palace not long ago. Could he be one of the talents there?”

“This Night God Palace is really well-hidden!” The surrounding people discussed animatedly.

The Netherworld Cult members rushed to the Night Soul Lord’s side. “Night Soul Lord, do you know that person?”

“Yes, he is the number one prodigy of the human race, Li Yu!”

“He’s Li Yu?” Everyone from the Netherworld Cult was shocked, and they even couldn’t believe their ears.

“Why is he here?”

“I don’t know either! But you’d better not provoke this child. He’s far more powerful than we can imagine!” The Night Soul Lord warned in a solemn tone.

His warning shocked everyone from the Netherworld Cult. If even the Night Soul Lord could say that, Li Yu must be that powerful.

Furthermore, he had just killed the door guardian of the Demon God Palace with one strike. This was enough to confirm that Night Soul Lord’s comment was true
 Chapter 146 Your Brother Is Burnt (2)
“Good, you’re sensible!” Li Yu put away his sword and nodded with satisfaction, and then he walked into the spatial door.

Inside the door was a massive space that was like a small world. Above Li Yu were dense clouds, and in the distance was a dark void.

36 enormous pillars stood towering between the sky and earth. They also had statues of gods that were lively, mighty, and authoritative.

At the center of these pillars was an altar that resembled a pyramid that reached into the clouds.

The top of the altar was hidden in the clouds in the sky. Li Yu could only see the bottom part of the altar. It was a flight of stairs with over a thousand steps.

At the moment, the elites of the demon race who had entered first were fighting intensely with ferocious beast spirits.

There were also some prodigies watching the battles. You Rong was one of them.

“What’s the situation here?” Li Yu walked to You Rong’s side and asked. “Li Yu, why are you here?” You Rong was shocked to see Li Yu.

She thought that Li Yu had already left. Besides, how could Li Yu enter? This did not make sense.

The other elites were also shocked, and they were as puzzled as You Rong.

“Actually, I’m a demon too!” Li Yu declared in all seriousness.

“You’re a demon too? Impossible!” There was disbelief on You Rong’s face.

She could still tell the difference between humans and demons. Li Yu was clearly a human.

Moreover, could the Heavenly Dao Rankings not distinguish between humans and demons?

“That’s not important. Tell me what’s going on here first.” Li Yu changed the topic.

“If we want to reach the Demon God Altar, we need to defeat these beast spirits first! Plus, everyone can only rely on themselves. If two teamed up, they would be attacked by two stronger beast spirits!” explained You Rong.

“So it’s a challenge game!” Li Yu smiled.

However, looking at the group of players-uh, a group of demon elites—Li Yu felt that they were too weak.

In a moment, I’ll let you guys witness the unreal power of professional (hacker) players.

As he spoke, the geniuses of the Golden Feather Race, the Phoenix Race, and the Demon Fox Clan entered in successively.

Zha Zha Hui, Qian Yu, and the others looked at Li Yu with fear, and they hurried off far away.

They were afraid that Li Yu would slash them too because of their inappropriate words earlier.

As for the demon fox clan’s Gu Yue, she looked at Li Yu too. Her gaze was burning as an imperceptible trace of craftiness flashed through her beautiful eyes.

Immediately, she walked over and bowed with cupped hands. She smiled sweetly. “Gu Yue of the demon fox clan. Greetings, young sir!”

Li Yu looked at Gu Yue in surprise.

As expected of a demon fox girl, she was indeed charming. The size of the twin peaks in front of her chest could be said to be evil. She had a slim waist, straight legs, fair and beautiful skin, and most importantly, she exuded a charming aura.

It was the kind of charm that would give a man the urge to check it out with one look! If one were to say that some people grew on the laughing point of others, then Gu Yue grew on man’s excitement point.

Li Yu smiled and cupped his hands in return.

“Young Master, you’re so capable that I’m filled with admiration. I wonder if I’ll be fortunate enough to know you?” Gu Yue asked.

She could tell that Li Yu was extraordinary, and the aura he gave off made her feel somewhat comfortable.

Therefore, she really wanted to get to know Li Yu. It would be best if she could form goodwill with him.

When Zha Zha Hui saw Gu Yue take the initiative to speak to Li Yu, his hair seemed to turn green with envy. He would dare steal the limelight from any demon present, but not Li Yu. Since it was Li Yu. Anything Li Yu did with Gu Yue, Zha Zha Hui could only pretend not to see. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Compared to women, life was more important!

Furthermore, she was only a woman who had nothing to do with him.

“I don’t think that’s necessary!” Li Yu replied. He did not mean to act aloof, but he really did not think it was necessary.

So what if they did not know each other? What else could have happened?

Furthermore, the other party was a demon who was enemies of the humans. He would not know when they would become enemies.

He did not want his attitude and sword drawing speed affected by all that nonsense!

Moreover, he knew that his capability would be known by more and more people sooner or later.

By that time, more people would want to cozy up to him.

If his attitude wasn’t cold enough, he would probably overwork his three legs.

Li Yu’s attitude disappointed Gu Yue, but she was not unhappy. An expert had the pride and personality of an expert, to begin with, so it was normal for him to not fancy her. Even though she thought she was pretty, she was sensible and stopped disturbing him.

She smiled and cupped her hands. “Sorry to disturb you, young sir!”

Then, she retreated to the side and prepared to begin the challenge.

Outside the Demon God Palace, the members of the Azure Dragon Race arrived late. Still, their arrival caused a stir.

Especially when the various races sensed the powerful aura emitted by Long Yue, they were all shocked.

“This aura, Immortal Spirit Realm?” Everyone could sense how extraordinary Long Yue was. It was clear that the Azure Dragon Race had obtained some great fortune to give birth to a True Dragon. This was extraordinary!

“Your Majesty, congratulations!” The various elders stepped forward to make small talk while inquiring about Long Yue’s situation.

Indeed, Long Yue had entered the Immortal Spirit Realm.

This filled the various races with envy, and they immediately congratulated and flattered her.

Chapter 147 Your Brother Is Burnt (3)
After all, with the appearance of a true dragon in the Azure Dragon Race, they would surely become the leader of the demon race in the future.

It did not matter if they had grudges in the past, their wishes, or unwillingness. Now that the Azure Dragon Race had an Immortal Spirit Realm expert, he should admit defeat and express his goodwill.

It was the same for every race.

“The third princess is truly one blessed by the heavens. It’s the fortune of our demon race to obtain the Azure Dragon inheritance!”

“Mm, now that the third princess has entered the Immortal Spirit Realm and become the strongest expert of our demon race, the inheritance of the Demon God Palace will probably belong to you!”

“Yeah! That’s right!”

After noticing the flattering looks of the various demons, Long Tiancang’s heavy heart was slightly relieved. If not for the fact that Long Ao had not returned until now, he would have probably been too pleased with himself.

However, as long as he could not find Long Ao, the haze in his heart could not be lifted.

“Everyone, have you seen my son, Long Ao, in the past two days?” Long Tiancang suddenly asked.

“Crown Prince Long Ao? I haven’t seen him!”

“Is Crown Prince Long Ao separated from

you?”

After seeing everyone’s reaction, Long Tiancang’s heart sank. He felt that Long Ao was probably doomed.

He thought that Long Ao would definitely sense the appearance of the Demon God Palace and rush here.

He did not expect Long Ao to not arrive.

However, Long Tiancang still had a glimmer of hope.

It was just like when Long Yue disappeared back then. In the end, he turned misfortune into blessings and obtained a significant opportunity. He felt that Long Ao might become the same.

“Yue’er, Zhi’er, enter the Demon God Palace first! I’ll wait for your big brother here!” Long Tiancang told his dragon elites.

“Okay!” Long Yue replied. She looked at the sky before she brought Long Zhi and the other Dragon Race elites into the Demon God Palace.

Long Yue’s arrival immediately attracted the attention of the various elites of the Demon God Palace.

After all, the current Long Yue was simply too eye-catching.

She was already peerless, elegant, and noble. Now, she possessed the bearing of a True Dragon. Her entire body emitted immortal splendor, making her seem like a goddess that had descended.

The aura she emitted was too powerful and extraordinary.

Therefore, the elites of the various races gathered their gazes together, and they were mesmerized for a moment.

“Sister, it’s that fellow! She stole our True Fire!” Long Zhi noticed the red-dressed girl standing by Li Yu’s side and roared furiously.

Long Yue’s eyes immediately turned cold when she heard Long Zhi’s words. Mighty magic power erupted as it transformed into an invisible hand that instantly imprisoned the red-dressed girl. “Ah!”

Suddenly restrained by that terrifying magic power, You Rong cried out in surprise.

She struggled with all her might but was simply incapable of breaking free from the terrifying power. She was bound by the immense pressure to the point where she could not breathe.

Her body emitted cracking sounds from the terrifying pressure as if she were about to be pulverized.

Long Yue used her magic power to drag You Rong in front of her, her gaze as cold as a blade.

“Ugh, what are you doing? Let go of me! Let go of me!” You Rong yelled.

The commotion surprised everyone.

However, they could also confirm Long Yue’s cultivation through the powerful aura she emitted. She seemed to have stepped into the legendary Immortal Spirit Realm. “Long Yue has already entered the Immortal Spirit Realm!”

“This is unbelievable. What kind of great opportunity did the Azure Dragon Race obtain to allow Long Yue to become a True Dragon directly!”

The Golden Feather Race, the Phoenix Bird Race, the Demon Fox Clan, and the Snake Clan cried out in surprise as they looked at Long Yue with reverence.

“This aura is too terrifying! How did this red-dressed girl offend the third princess? Today is her unlucky day!”

“Yeah, judging from the third princess’s aura, she is going to kill!”

“Where’s my brother?” Long Yue’s gaze was like a blade as she glared at the red-dressed girl and asked word by word. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

You Rong’s expression was ugly. She knew who the brother Long Yue was talking about was, and she whined endlessly in her heart.

She also did not expect the Azure Dragon race to produce a True Dragon. She was afraid that she was going to die here today. “Spit it out! Where’s my brother?” Long Yue’s voice became sharper, and her gaze became even colder. The immortal power suppressed You Rong until she revealed a painful expression.

Although Yourong was afraid, when she thought of how Long Ao had looked that day, she still said cheekily, “Your brother, your brother is burnt!”


Chapter 148 Is the Dragoness’ Meat Tender? (1)
“Burnt? What do you mean?” Long Yue’s expression changed.

“He didn’t control the energy of the Red Lotus True Flame properly and got burnt by the True Flame!” At this point, You Rong could not help but recall the scene back then, and she even felt like laughing.

Although she was in a precarious situation and was probably about to die, she just wanted to laugh because it was funny.

The moment Yi Rong said this, the talents of the various races looked at each other in surprise and discussed softly.

They were just curious as to why Long Ao did not arrive and why Long Yue attacked the red-dressed girl. It was because of him.

No way… Is Long Ao… dead?

The Azure Dragon Race had just produced a True Dragon, and Long Ao had died. This was truly a roller coaster ride.

“Impossible! Don’t you lie! Tell me, where is my brother?” Long Yue was unwilling to believe that Long Ao had really died.

In her heart, Long Ao was the strongest.

Furthermore, Long Ao had fused the azure dragon bone and a dragon pearl. Even if he was burnt by the True Fire, he should not die.

Before she finished her sentence, Long Yue’s strength gradually increased. You Rong’s body became somewhat deformed from the pressure as she moaned in pain.

“Let her go. I know where your brother is!” Li Yu suddenly spoke as he walked forward.

After all, Long Ao had died in his hands.

Moreover, he ate the meat first. He could not let You Rong bear the responsibility alone.

Long Yue’s eyes flashed as she looked at Li Yu and asked, “Where is it?”

“Let her go first!” Li Yu added.

Long Yue snorted and waved her hand, smashing You Rong to the ground with a thud.

She grunted in pain from the fall and lay on the ground, unable to move for a moment.

Li Yu looked at You Rong and then at the frosty Long Yue, thinking to himself.

This Dragoness is pretty vicious. This fall probably left You Rong half-dead. “Tell me, where is my brother?” Long Yue looked at Li Yu with killing intent in her eyes.

“Right here!” Li Yu pointed at his stomach. “Your brother is in my stomach!”

“What do you mean!” Long Yue frowned and looked at Li Yu in confusion, her expression turning even icier.

Everyone else was also perplexed, and they didn’t understand what Li Yu meant for a moment. After all, no one had expected Li Yu to eat Long Ao. “Haha, I’m sorry to say this, but your brother was actually roasted and eaten by me!” As soon as Li Yu spoke, the surrounding people were instantly in an uproar. Their eyes nearly popped out as their jaws almost hit the ground!

Eaten!

Has Long Ao been eaten by this human brat?

So which f*cking one is the human, and which is the demon?

Hearing Li Yu’s words, Long Yue felt her head buzz. Her heart instantly sank to the bottom and shattered into pieces.

His proud twin peaks were also heaving up and down due to the intense emotional fluctuations.

Behind him, Long Zhi, Long Yu, and the other elites of the Azure Dragon Race were enraged.

The next second, terrifying killing intent erupted from Long Yue’s body like a ferocious beast. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Without a word, she slapped out with her palm.

A giant dragon claw instantly surfaced in the air.

It carried a terrifying might as it tore through the sky and smashed ruthlessly at Li Yu.

The power of that palm was monstrous, distorting the surrounding space.

The energy fluctuations alone shivered the hearts of the surrounding elites as they retreated.

The difference between the Immortal Spirit Realm and the Mahayana Realm was like the difference between cloud and mud.

Furthermore, Long Yue had obtained the power of the Divine Azure Dragon Bloodline. This attack that contained the power of Dragon’s Fury was simply about to crush Li Yu.

However, Li Yu, who was locked onto by the dragon claw, did not dodge. His expression remained the same as he casually raised his hand and placed it in front of him.

Boom!

With a loud boom, the terrifying dragon claw that was enough to flatten a mountain was blocked by Li Yu’s arm easily.

Immediately, the dragon claw dissipated with a bang. A terrifying aftershock spread off, causing the surrounding demons to retreat repeatedly as their faces turned pale.

This was truly a fight between immortals. The aftershocks could even kill a group of mortals.

“Impossible!”

Li Yu had actually casually used his arm to withstand the strike of her dragon claw.

Long Yue’s eyes widened in shock.

The surrounding demon elites were also astonished.

It was still alright for Zha Zha Hui, Qian Yu, and Gu Yue, who had seen Li Yu kill the door guardian with a single strike.

As for the demon elites who had entered early, they were petrified beyond words.

The True Dragon’s power was actually blocked just like that. Is this human brat even human?

“He’s extraordinary as expected!” Gu Yue’s eyes flickered. She had to think of a way to form a good relationship with Li Yu in the future.

“I, Li Yu, took this strike as repayment for your older brother’s life. If you attack again, don’t blame me for being merciless!” Li Yu withdrew his arm and spoke with a serious face.

He was a reasonable person.

If I killed your brother. I’ll give you a chance to kill me once. But if you can’t kill me, you can’t blame me.

“Li Yu?”

The moment Li Yu stated his name, the various demon elites present were shocked again.

They had never imagined that the person in front of them was actually the number one prodigy on the human Sons of Heaven Rankings, Li Yu.

So he is that strong!

Everyone suddenly recalled the annotation of Li Yu’s cultivation on the Heavenly Dao Rankings: Unknown.

At that moment, the word ‘Unknown’ was like dark clouds that shrouded their hearts.

What does this ‘Unknown’ mean? Is Li Yu really so powerful that the Heavenly Dao can’t even see through him?

“You killed my brother and even ate his flesh and blood. You want me to forget this humiliation? You must be dreaming!” Long Yue gnashed her teeth until cracking sounds were heard. Her aura continued to skyrocket as mighty magic power surged over her body.

Chapter 149 Is the Dragoness’ Meat Tender? (2)
A gigantic phantom of the Azure Dragon’s head manifested in the space behind Long Yue. Its eyes were disdainful as it looked at Li Yu, emitting a heaven-like pressure.

Long Yue was also surprised and shocked that Li Yu could take that strike.

However, she had just transformed into a Divine True Dragon, and her confidence was at its peak. Coupled with the anger in his heart, how could she cower so easily?

If she gave up on revenge just because Li Yu blocked the attack, wouldn’t she be looked down upon by everyone in the future? What was the point of stepping into the Immortal Spirit Realm!

Furthermore, she had a nagging feeling that Li Yu had used some sort of powerful defensive magic treasure to block that attack.

Therefore, she desired to witness how capable Li Yu was.

“A life for a life! You! Must! Die!” Long Yue gritted her teeth and roared word by word.

Immediately, she rushed out with a bang. Although she was in her human form, she was like a divine dragon descending from the sky, trampling the sky, and pressing down. However, Li Yu’s figure was still on the spot when Long Yue suddenly felt an extremely terrifying force grab her neck and life.

At the same time, her body was forcibly lifted into the air by an irresistible power and then smashed into the ground.

It was as great as the power of the heavens, in a speed beyond her reaction.

Boom! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The ground shook violently. The floor of the Demon God Palace, which was as hard as a boulder and comparable to an immortal artifact, was actually shattered inch by inch.

A terrifying blast of air blew away bits of rock.

The entire Demon God Palace shook.

Long Yue’s body was smashed deep into the ground, and she could no longer move.

The surrounding elites were dumbfounded and became as quiet as cicadas in the winter.

Everything had happened too quickly. Before anyone could see anything clearly, Long Yue had already been smashed into the ground by Li Yu.

At this moment, there was only one emotion left in their minds-shock!

Even the solemn Demon God Palace seemed dim and ordinary in front of Li Yu.

Currently, Long Yue, lying on the ground, began to doubt her dragon life.

What use is my Immortal Spirit Realm?

What is the use of my Divine Azure Dragon Bloodline?

What sort of expert am I facing?

No, to be precise, he isn’t just an expert. He should be in the category of a god.

He is an existence even more terrifying than the gods on these giant pillars.

Li Yu squatted down beside Long Yue with a smile on his face. He examined her slim figure and remarked, “Long Ao’s meat tastes pretty good, but it’s a little hard. I wonder if the meat of a dragoness is tender?” Li Yu’s words humiliated and horrified Long Yue.

She was now afraid that Li Yu would cook her too.

She could tell that Li Yu was craving her body from his gaze. He was really tempted and was about to drool.

However, it was not the kind of desire from the opposite sex, but the kind that gluttons had when they saw delicacies!

Long Yue was not just afraid, but she also felt as if her dignity had been trampled on.

After all, she had the body of a True Dragon comparable to an immortal.

In her human form, she was a fairy-like peerless beauty who was drop-dead gorgeous.

Coupled with the noble aura of the dragon race, even immortals would be tempted.

However, in Li Yu’s eyes, she wasn’t even a woman. She could only be considered… food. Actually, it wasn’t because he was protective of the fairer sex that Li Yu left her alive.

After all, according to the system’s notification, Long Yue was the divine beast, Divine Azure Dragon. Plus, she was a female dragon.

It was a pity for Li Yu to kill her directly. Taking her under his wing would be equivalent to a step toward completing the quota for his divine beast collection mission.

In the future, he could ride her around or cut off two pieces of fresh dragon meat from her body to barbecue and eat at any time.

It was simply convenient! The meat on her body must be more tender and delicious than Long Ao’s.

If Long Yue could read what Li Yu was thinking, she would probably kill herself on the spot.

“You, you can kill me!” Seeing the look in Li Yu’s eyes as if he wanted to eat her, Long Yue exclaimed.

She had no other choice now. She could not defeat Li Yu, so what other choice did she have besides waiting for death?

“Third princess!”

“Third Sister!” The members of the Azure Dragon Race yelled in horror.

Yet, no one dared to come forward as they felt their legs were not listening to them. Li Yu’s aura was too powerful, making it difficult for them to move.

“It’s easy to kill you. It’s only a matter of one slash.

“However, there is no need for me to take your life. As the saying goes, It is better to squash enmity than to keep it alive.

“It was not easy for you to become a True Dragon and peek into a higher realm. It was not easy for you to defy the heavens and change your fate to become a Divine Azure Dragon. There are endless possibilities for you in the future…

Hearing that, Long Yue and her fellow dragons heaved a sigh of relief.

To be honest, no one wanted to die. As the saying goes, a living dog is better than a dead lion.

Be it demons or humans, the main reason for their cultivation was to defy the heavens and change their fate. It was for the sake of immortality, for escaping the cycle of reincarnation, for breaking free from the restraints of the natural laws.

They had been painstakingly cultivated for hundreds or thousands of years. Who would be willing to quietly die after they reached a new height and opened the door to a new world?

As Li Yu had said, Long Yue’s future was filled with limitless possibilities. She could soar above the nine heavens and compare with the gods of the worlds.

Therefore, Li Yu’s words ignited the hope and desire to stay alive in Long Yue’s heart.

She began to calm down, and she became even more unwilling to die.

She wanted to live!

Seeing the strong desire to live in Long Yue’s eyes, Li Yu knew that he had more or less paved the way for his next step.

Chapter 150 Is the Dragoness’ Meat Tender? (3)
Hence, he changed the topic. “But since you offended me just now. I’ll lose face if I don’t kill you. I mean, there are so many people watching!”

Li Yu’s words seemed to have pulled the drowning Long Yue ashore. Yet, she had not even caught her breath when she was pressed into the water by him again.

The ups and downs of her emotions were like a cycle of life and death in a few sentences.

“But I can’t bear to kill you. How about this? I happen to lack a suitable mount, especially one as noble and extraordinary as the Dragon Princess. Only you could match my temperament!”

“Mount?” Long Yue’s heart sank again.

It was as if something called dignity had shattered along with it.

The humiliation and her dragon pride made her want to resist and refuse.

However, her desire to survive was stronger.

At that moment, Long Yue felt as if two little dragons were arguing in her heart.

Little dragon number one started off, “I’m the third princess of the azure dragon race and possess the bloodline of the Divine Azure Dragon. How can someone as noble as me submit to someone else?

Little dragon number two retorted, “So what if I become his mount?

“The ancestor of the Azure Dragon race was once the mount of the Human Emperor. Later on, they became best of friends.

“As for Li Yu, his cultivation and power level might have long surpassed all living beings. He was probably already comparable to a Perfected Immortal or Golden Immortal. “Being his mount isn’t shameful. In fact, we can even consider it as a form of honor.” Little dragon number one snapped back, “But he’s my enemy. He killed Big Brother. How can I be his mount?”

Little dragon number two argued again, “The human race has two saying: One must suffer in silence. It’s never too late for a gentleman to take revenge.”

I have the Divine Azure Dragon Bloodline, and I have so much potential for growth. One day, I might even surpass Li Yu.

By then, we’ll settle the old and new scores together.

Long Yue’s inner monologue put on a show about her struggles.

The surrounding demon prodigies had already recovered from their shock.

Their gazes at Li Yu were filled with reverence and fear.

However, they had split opinions regarding Long Yue.

Some were looking for amusement and even hoped to see Long Yue killed.

Others were worried for Long Yue, wondering what choice she would make and where her future would lie.

In the Immortal Martial World, above the Primordial Dao Holy Land.

The Azure Dragon Race, the Golden Feather Race, and the Phoenix Bird Race numbered in the tens of thousands. They were like soldiers riding the dark clouds that covered the sky above the Holy Land.

It also shrouded the hearts of every Holy Land disciple.

The thunder in the sky was like a war drum, and the roars were like a tsunami. The pressure condensed by tens of thousands of demon experts was like a collapsing sky, pressing down on everyone in the Holy Land until they could not breathe.

Although the entire Holy Land was protected by layers of array formations, it looked like it could not withstand the terrifying pressure.

In the Holy Land. Over ten thousand disciples of the Primordial Dao Holy Land waited solemnly under the elders’ lead as they faced off the monstrous beasts.

They were determined to protect the human race and were prepared to die in battle for the Holy Land.

However, they felt an instinctive pressure and fear of facing so many demons and such an oppressive formation.

Everyone remained silent as their expressions were grim, their muscles tensed, and even their foreheads were drenched in sweat. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Initially, some of the elders of the Azure Dragon Race were furious because Li Yu had eaten Long Ao and wanted to use the entire clan’s power to destroy the Qingyun Sect.

However, they were stopped by the mysterious young master of the Immortal Domain.

In that young master’s opinion, the bigger picture was more important. After all, the seven Holy Lands were the foundation of the Human Race and the pillars of the mortal world.

With the fall of the pillars, the human world would immediately collapse.

Furthermore, as long as they captured the seven Holy Lands before the Lingtian Mystic Realm reopened and stopped the humans from opening the teleportation arrays.

They could force nearly half of the top experts of the Human Race to stay in the mystic realm forever.

At that time, the demons could virtually control the world and dominate the humans.

It was not too late for the Azure Dragon Race to destroy the Qingyun Sect by then.

 
Chapter 151 Your Race is Only Worthy of Becoming a Mount for Us Humans (1)
“Animals are animals. They will always be wolves with a wild ambition!” One of the Primordial Dao Holy Land’s exclaimed.

“I knew that the demons wouldn’t give up on our human race! I didn’t expect it to happen so

soon!”

“Grand Elder, what do we do? There are too many of them. I wonder if our grand array can hold on!”

“It’s fine. Such a situation occurs every few tens of thousands of years. They might have the advantage in numbers. And they might appear united, but the demon race is a motley crew. There’s nothing to fear!” Perfected Tian Yu, the grand elder of the Primordial Dao Holy Land, said.

Yet, it was not only the Primordial Dao Holy Land facing such a crisis. The Violet Palace Holy Land and the Divine Firmament Holy Land were the same.

Lion King Xin Teng led his clan, plus the tens of thousands from the Holy Ape and Demon Ox Clan, in the sky above the Divine Firmament Holy Land.

As for the demon fox clan, the nine-headed snake clan, the Demon Scorpion Clan, the Blood Mosquito Clan, the Skywolf Clan, and other smaller demon races, as well as the greater demons born from various factions, they formed an army of tens of thousands and descended in the Violet Palace Holy Land.

“Old Dragon King, why are you here instead of holding a funeral for your grandson Long Ao?” The grand elder of the Primordial Dao Holy Land, Perfected Tian Yu, suddenly mocked.

As the saying went:

When the two armies fought, verbal attacks came first.

One would rather lose men than lose morale.

Perfected Tian Yu’s mocking was also to ease the tension among his disciples, so they would not get caught in the other party’s pressure and lose self-confidence.

He wanted everyone to remember the fact that Li Yu ate Long Ao.

And there was nothing to be afraid of when they thought of the Azure Dragon Race.

Azure dragons getting slaughtered for their dragon meat was their best destination!

He wanted his disciples to think of Li Yu and hope.

And remember their pride as a human.

“Well, I don’t think you need to be too sad. Your Crown Prince Long Ao has died a worthy death after being eaten by Li Yu. At the very least, he has become a digested part of our human race!”

After Perfected Tian Yu said that, laughter sounded in the Primordial Dao Holy Land.

The oppressive atmosphere was relieved.

Some disciples no longer had solemn and nervous expressions, and their gazes became more firm while the belief that they could win reignited in their eyes.

The Azure Dragons were furious that Perfected Tian Yu had exposed their scars in public. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The old Dragon King of the Azure Dragon Race, Long Guang, had a gloomy expression and did not speak.

The few elders of the Azure Dragon Race started to rebuke angrily, “Hmph, Tian Yu, you humans can only use your tongues to show off your courage today. From today onwards, you humans are only fit to bow down and worship

us!”

“Indeed. Without Crown Prince Long Ao, we still have Princess Long Yue. She will definitely kill Li Yu with her own hands and use his head as a sacrifice to Crown Prince Long Ao. And you guys are only fit to be Princess Long Yue’s slaves!”

Just as the elders of the Azure Dragon Race were bashing Perfected Tianyu verbally…

The power of heaven and earth suddenly fluctuated. The Genius Excellence Rankings was announcing the next prodigy.

Excellence Rankings # 31: Long Yue

Identity: The Third Princess of the Azure Dragon Race

Origin: Demon Race’s Azure Dragon Race “The third princess is on the rankings!” The Azure Dragons cheered.

Those from the Primordial Dao Holy Land and the various demons looked at the Elegance Exhibition screen in the sky.

They looked forward to seeing how extraordinary Long Yue had become after becoming a True Dragon.

A large screen appeared in the sky again.

The scene was of Long Yue returning to the underground palace after she transformed into a True Dragon to reunite with the Azure Dragon Race.

She emitted a faint immortal glow that reflected her icy skin, jade bones, and porcelain-like facial features, making her seem even more noble and extraordinary.

She swiped her hand, and the powerful guardian spirit collapsed like a piece of clay plastic paper.

Reverence and admiration were felt among those watching as Long Yue’s transcendent beauty that looked down on the world was displayed.

After a short display of her appearance, the live stream came in.

The scene in the sky changed instantly. The extraordinary and invincible Long Yue from before was now lying on the collapsed ground in a sorry state.

It was a tremendous visual contrast.

It intensified the visual impact of the scene on everyone.

Almost instantly, shock and confusion appeared on everyone’s faces.

What happened?

At the same time, a voice that sounded like an immortal to the people from the Primordial Dao Holy Land sounded.

However, to the Azure Dragons, it sounded like a devil.

“What do you think? Are you willing to submit to me and be my mount?”

Silence rang out.

The shouts of the tens of thousands of demons in the sky disappeared. There was not even a sound of breathing.

The world seemed to be deathly silent.

It was not only the members of the Azure Dragon Race but also all the demons who were watching the Heavenly Dao Rankings.

Everyone looked at the screen in the sky with their mouths agape, unable to believe what they had just heard.

Meanwhile, in the Demon God Palace.

Li Yu put up that question when he saw the determination in Long Yue’s eyes as if she had already made her choice.

Long Yue did not dare to look at Li Yu, nor did she dare to look at anyone around her. She was mortified as she said in a low voice, “I, I’m willing!”

Although she had mentally prepared herself, she was still filled with shame when she said it.

“Very good. Since you’re willing to be my mount, kneel before me and swear to the heavens that you, Long Yue, will submit to me forever and be loyal to me. You will listen to my orders. Regardless of whether you live, die, grow old, or become rich, you’ll never abandon your allegiance. Otherwise, the heavens will execute you, and your Azure Dragon Race will forever be slaves…” Li Yu stated the conditions coldly.

Chapter 152 Your Race is Only Worthy of Becoming a Mount for Us Humans (2)
Li Yu was not foolish enough to not know what was on Long Yue’s mind.

It was a pity that he did not know anything about slave seals.

However, he had heard from his father that a cultivator’s oath was binding.

The higher one’s cultivation level was, the more binding it was. Once one entered the Immortal Spirit Realm, his oath could be verified by the heavens and earth.

If one swore an oath to the heavens but did not honor it, he would suffer the wrath of the heavens and retribution.

Everyone present, including Long Yue, knew this.

Long Yue cursed Li Yu in her heart.

However, she had just abandoned all her dignity in front of everyone.

At this point, it was impossible to get off the horse.

She had to finish what she started, even if she had to cry.

Moreover, this oath was better than being implanted with a slave seal.

Hence, after a long silence, she could only nod in agreement. She did it in front of Li Yu, the other members of the Azure Dragon Race, and the elites of the various demon races.

She knelt in front of Li Yu and swore the oath word by word.

However, she did not know that this scene had already been revealed to everyone in the Immortal Martial World by the Genius Excellence Rankings.

At the moment, all the cultivators of the Primordial Dao Holy Land felt proud and relieved. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The gloominess from before was swept away completely, and their blood boiled with spirit.

With Li Yu in the human race, there was no need to worry about the demons clamoring.

So what if it was a True Dragon? It was now kneeling in front of Li Yu and at his mercy.

It was only fit to be Li Yu’s mount!

“Hahahaha, hahaha…”

Perfected Tian Yu laughed loudly, in an extremely smug and arrogant manner. The other elders of the Primordial Dao Holy Land laughed loudly as well.

They were really delighted and had to laugh.

Not long ago, the Azure Dragon Race was still showing off.

They claimed that Long Yue would kill Li Yu, and the humans would sooner or later kneel in front of them and submit to them.

Immediately, everyone witnessed Long Yue kneeling in front of Li Yu and swearing an oath to become his mount.

The face smacking came quickly and intensely!

The thought of how the mighty third princess of the Azure Dragon Race, the Immortal Spirit Realm dragon girl, would be ridden by Li Yu and whipped by him in the future…

They could almost hear the slapping sounds on Long Yue’s rear, along with the slapping sounds on the faces of the Azure Dragons.

It had been many years since they had witnessed such a satisfying face-smacking moment, where they had laughed so heartily!

“Hahaha, did you see that? You Azure Dragons are only fit to become our mounts. I advise you demons to wake up and not seek death! Do you really think you have the ability to become enemies with us, humans?!” Perfected Tian Yu’s voice reverberated through the Holy Land.

The Azure Dragons were utterly humiliated seeing Long Yue kneel and submit to Li Yu.

Everyone kept quiet, wishing they could find a hole to hide in.

The Elder Dragon King, Long Guang, and the other elders’ faces alternated between red and white. They looked as if they had eaten flies.

Now the Azure Dragon Race had just lost all their face and become the laughing stock of the world.

The number one prodigy of the Azure Dragon Race, the renowned Crown Prince Long Ao, had been eaten by Li Yu.

The mighty third princess of the Azure Dragon Race, Long Yue, who had become a True Dragon, had been recruited by Li Yu as his mount.

There had never been such a humiliating event in the history of the Azure Dragon Race.

The current Genius Excellence Rankings had simply become the pillar of humiliation for them.

It was filled with the moments of death of the Azure Dragon Race. At the same time, the other demons in the sky above the various Holy Lands were grim-faced.

Even those demons on bad terms with the Azure Dragons did not gloat at the moment, nor did they have the mood to mock. That was because Long Yue was a True Dragon with a cultivation at the Immortal Spirit Realm. No matter how weakened she was, she was not one any expert of their races could fight against.

However, they had just seen Long Yue lying on the ground in a sorry state. They immediately knew what she had experienced.

Furthermore, the mighty and proud Princess Long Yue was willing to be Li Yu’s mount. It was clear how terrifying of a shock Li Yu had given her.

Just how strong is Li Yu?

At the moment, the demons could not help but look at the word “Unknown” behind Li Yu’s cultivation on the human Sons of Heaven Rankings.

A terrifying haze slowly engulfed their hearts.

The demons were suddenly afraid. If they were to fight the humans today, the day of Li Yu’s return would mark the beginning of every enemy demon race’s destruction. This Li Yu, we can’t let him out of the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm no matter what!

Lion King Xin Teng cursed silently.

Although he knew that that young master was also strong, he did not know how long that young master would protect them. If Li Yu returned from the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm, it would definitely be a disaster for the entire demon race.

In the Imperial Sky City of the Great Zenith Domain, no one knew that the world was about to change in the Great Zenith Domain, nor did they know that the demon race was about to attack the human race.

Mortals worked, and cultivators cultivated as usual. The entire city was bustling as usual. On the circular platform outside the teahouse, a group of cultivators who roamed the Immortal Martial World stood behind the railing.

They were also full of smiles when they saw Long Yue’s Elegance Exhibition, but they were likewise shocked.

“Li Yu is becoming more and more unbelievable. Even Long Yue at the Immortal Spirit Realm is not his match!”

“Looks like Li Yu’s cultivation is already above the Immortal Spirit Realm. I wonder what level his unknown cultivation represents!”

“When I was in the Huaxia continent a while ago. I heard that Li Yu created his own cultivation system. That was why his cultivation and power level cannot be measured using the realms we are familiar with!”

Chapter 153 Your Race is Only Worthy of Becoming a Mount for Us Humans (3)
“No matter what, Li Yu is the fully deserving number one expert. It’s the fortune of our human race!”

“That’s right. A few days ago, after we saw Long Yue enter the Immortal Spirit Realm, we were quite worried. We didn’t expect today’s turn of events. Today, Long Yue has become Li Yu’s mount. The world is really fickle!”

“Hahaha, Long Ao has been eaten, and Long Yue has been ridden. The younger generation of the Azure Dragon Race has all fallen in the hands of Li Yu. Their backs will probably turn cold when they hear Li Yu’s name from now onwards!”

In the Qingyun Sect, the disciples were excited and proud when they saw the scene in the sky.

Our Eldest Senior Brother is the best!

However, the most excited one was the Purple Lightning Flood Dragon that lived in the valley.

Seeing that Long Yue had become Li Yu’s mount, the purple lightning flood dragon suddenly felt its status rise. No matter what, it was Li Yu’s first mount.

Princess Long Yue had to address him as Senior Brother in terms of seniority.

And the thought of spending time with her after Princess Long Yue became Li Yu’s mount.

A villa in the Great Zenith Domain. Lush trees and a sea of over a hundred kinds of flowers formed a forest. Colored butterflies danced, birds sang, and the fragrance of flowers filled the air. It was like a paradise.

Compared to the lush, beautiful flowers and plants, the villa buildings seemed much more sparse and simple. In a small pavilion by a stream, a man in green clothes, who had a handsome face and a refined aura, stood with his hands behind his back.

Three men stood behind him. One of them was cupping his hands and reporting the situation. “The demon army has arrived at the three Holy Lands. We are only waiting for your orders to begin the attack!”

“Mm, let the Nine-Headed Lion Clan and the Demon Fox Clan take action. There’s no need to rush into the Holy Land as we only need to delay their men first. We will go and assist them after leading the Azure Dragons to attack the Primordial Dao Holy Land!” The green-robed man ordered calmly.

“Yes, sir!” The man who received the order cupped his hands and quickly flew away, disappearing into the sky in the blink of an eye.

Right at this moment, a woman walked over quickly and said in a low voice, “Miss Rong might have entered the Virtual Sky Mystic Realm!”

“Just her alone?” The green-robed man frowned slightly.

“Yes!” The woman responded.

“This girl really doesn’t know the immensity of heaven and earth. Alright, I understand!” The green-robed man waved his hand, and the woman nodded slightly before leaving.

“It’s time for us to move along!” The green-robed man took another look at the screen of the Heavenly Dao Rankings before his figure flashed and disappeared on the spot.

In the Primordial Dao Holy Land, the human cultivators were in high spirits. On the other hand, the morale of the demon alliance army, which had previously been bellowing loudly, was low.

“Your Majesty, when do we attack?” an elder of the Golden Feather Race asked with a low voice.

“Hold on a moment. Young Master should be here soon. Without him, it’ll be difficult for us to break through our defenses in a short time!” said the Golden Feather Race’s current Demon King, Zha Zha Peng.

Before he finished his sentence, an incomparably powerful aura instantly appeared above their heads.

At the same time, the green-robed man descended from above. He had an extraordinary bearing.

“Young Master Qing Ye is here!”

“Greetings, Young Master Qing Ye!” The various demon leaders cupped their hands.

Upon the arrival of the green-robed man, the expressions of Perfected Tian Yu and the elders of the Primordial Dao Holy Land changed slightly, and their hearts got heavy again.

They could all sense how extraordinary that man was.

“Is he the mastermind behind the various demons?” Perfected Tian Yu remarked.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

 
Chapter 154 My Fist… (1)
“Young Master Qing Ye, the Azure Dragon Race…” Zha Zha Peng hesitated to speak, and he glanced at the gloomy and depressed members of the Azure Dragon Race.

Young Master Qing Ye waved his hand and nodded. He naturally knew that the incident with Long Yue had dealt a big blow to the morale of the Azure Dragons and the entire demon alliance army.

Hence, he soared into the sky again and flew above the demons’ alliance army.

He pointed at the Genius Excellence Rankings in the sky and called loudly, “This is the human race!

“They treat us demons as food, mounts, and pill refinement materials. They treat us as slaves to order around, nourishment for their cultivation.

“They have never treated us as friends. They are forever high above us, who control our lives and fates as they please. Why should they?

“All things are equal. Why should the human race control us!?” Qing Ye’s words were like a war drum that struck the hearts of everyone in the demon race.

The blood in the bodies of the demons surged again. Their spirits were reignited as they roared indignantly.

“Today, we will change everything. Even if we die, we will fight for our dignity and status for our descendants. Everything we have done today will change history and fate.

“From now on, our descendants will no longer be food, mounts, or slaves. We will be the masters of this world!”

“That’s right, we want to be the masters of this world!”

“Kill, kill, kill!” The demons were excited again. Their shouts shook the Holy Land. “Brothers of the Azure Dragon Clan, don’t you want to avenge the humiliation you’ve suffered today?”

“Yes!” The Azure Dragons shouted hysterically.

“Alright, the humiliation of the past shall be repaid today. Brothers of the demon race, listen up. Follow me to break through the Primordial Dao Holy Land! For the pride of the demon race!” Qing Ye’s call was like a horn that roared through the heavens and the earth.

Tens of thousands of demons immediately responded together with a loud commotion. Their voices were like a flood that surged over from the sky.

The faces of the people from the Primordial Dao Holy Land became grim again. The aura of the demon race was increasingly imposing, seemingly suppressing their aura again.

“Attack!” Young Master Qing Ye ordered. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The tens of thousands of monsters roared as they charged toward the Primordial Dao Holy Land.

Boom boom boom boom boom…

The earth shook and quaked. The Primordial Dao Holy Land’s Protective Mountain Array flickered violently and was on the verge of collapse under the attacks of tens of thousands of demons.

“Guard the array!” Perfected Tian Yu shouted.

Everyone from the Primordial Dao Holy Land shouted as they injected magic power into the array formation to protect it and block the demons’ attack.

With the protection of the people from the Primordial Dao Holy Land, the grand array formation seemed to stabilize. However, soon, the demons’ attacks became fiercer with each wave.

There were many demons, and all of them were powerful. After a few rounds of attacks, the light screen of the grand array formation was pressured again.

“Move!” With a bellow, Young Master Qing Ye stood in the air as a towering tree surfaced behind him.

It was like a ferocious monster or a giant tree that reached the sky.

He was enveloped by a green halo as he formed hand seals and pressed down.

Rumble!

The world shook as if the sky was collapsing and space was collapsing. The enormous tree crashed from the sky and smashed into the light screen of the grand array formation.

The terrifying collision shook the heavens and the earth, causing ripples to spread. The array formation almost collapsed instantly. At this moment, the giant tree roots were like invincible arrows or swimming dragons. It instantly pierced into the light screen of the grand array formation, spreading in all directions in a spiderweb-like manner along with the light screen.

In an instant, the light screen of the grand array formation flickered intensely, emitting loud rumbles as if it could not withstand it any longer and was about to collapse.

As for the people from the Primordial Dao Holy Land who were in the array formation using their powers to protect it, their expressions were ugly.

That was because they could clearly sense how terrifying the pressure brought by the towering tree was.

At the moment, the Holy Land disciples were right under the pressure as if they were in the deep sea. They were pressed down until they could barely breathe, and even their powers were almost unable to circulate. “Open!” Young Master Qing Ye switched his hand seal.

The tree’s roots instantly generated a terrifying devouring power that sucked in the array formation’s energy.

At the same time, the roots were like a giant hand from the heavens clenching its fist.

With the two overlapping forces, the Protective Mountain Array could not withstand it anymore and was crushed by the enormous hand formed by the roots.

At that moment, be it Perfected Tian Yu or the elders and disciples of the Primordial Dao Holy Land, all of them had an incomparable fright in their eyes.

The Primordial Dao Holy Land was about to be finished!

Virtual Sky Mystic Realm, Demon God Palace.

After Long Yue swore the oath, the storm was basically over. The demons could not calm down for a long time.

They watched Li Yu’s extraordinary appearance with a complicated expression and felt defeated.

They had once bragged about being prodigies. They thought they were the main characters of this world of strife and should be dazzling no matter where they went.

However, compared to Li Yu, they were not even worthy of being a green leaf. They could only be a nameless audience watching Li Yu shine.

After settling Long Yue, Li Yu picked up You Rong from the side and asked, “Are you hurt?”

“Nope, that’s not enough to hurt me! Hey, did you just express concern for me?” You Rong looked at Li Yu in surprise.

 
Chapter 155 My Fist… (2)
“If you’re not injured, let’s get down to business. Please hand over the Red Lotus True Flame.” Li Yu curled his hand.

“Why?” asked a confused Rong as her eyes widened.

“I helped you out of trouble and saved your life. Don’t you think you should repay me?” Li Yu stated with a serious face.

“Oh, right. You saved my life. Then… I should devote my life to you! Isn’t that how human stories of heroes saving beauties go?”

You Rong suddenly grabbed Li Yu’s arm and pulled it into her warm, soft chest.

Then, her acting spirit came online and looked at Li Yu with sparkling eyes. “You have saved my life. I can’t repay you, so I can only marry

you!”

“Shoo, shoo, shoo. Are you repaying kindness with hate?!” Li Yu pressed down on You Rong’s little head and pushed her to the side as he snapped.

You Rong was stunned for a moment before she realized what Li Yu meant. She immediately stomped her feet in anger, and her cheeks bulged.

Li Yu’s words were not lethal, but they were extremely insulting.

“You… Do you hate me that much? Oh, I know. You don’t like the cute type, huh! Fine…”

As she spoke, the appearance of You Rong suddenly changed.

In an instant, she transformed into a woman with a demon-like figure and angelic face. She had curvy breasts, a thin waist, and straight legs. Her gaze was seductive, and her posture was alluring

Even her clothes became sinister. A tight black dress wrapped around her graceful figure, outlining her proud twin peaks and rear in an even more alluring fashion.

Humans were visual creatures, and Li Yu was no exception.

Li Yu felt internal heat coming up when he saw the peerless beauty in front of him.

To be honest, no normal man could withstand such a visual impact.

The demon males by the side also stared blankly as evil flames arose.

Even the demon fox Gu Yue could not stop shaking her head, feeling inferior.

“Cut the crap and hand up the Red Lotus True Flame!” Li Yu averted his gaze and pretended to be calm.

“If you don’t like this type, I’ll change to another type!”

As she spoke, You Rong transformed into a noble and cold goddess.

Her appearance was somewhat similar to Long Yue’s, but she was more exquisite, more perfect, and more frosty. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The expression and cold gaze on his face were lifelike.

It was as if there was really a high and mighty frost beauty that kept people at a distance.

She walked in front of Li Yu with elegant steps, her long fingers brushing across Li Yu’s chest casually.

Her voice was cold but filled with temptation. “Sir, do you want to conquer me?”

Seeing that Li Yu was unmoved, You Rong instantly transformed into a pretty girl from a humble family. Her gaze was pure, charming, obedient, and bashful.

“What about this type? Do you like this type? I can change my appearance, figure, and position as I please. I can change whatever type you like. In fact, if you like, I can even change my appearance to satisfy you every day. How about it? Are you tempted?”

Li Yu held his head. He had to hand it to this girl.

What the hell is with ‘position?

Am I thinking too much? Or are you driving?

However, there was one thing he was sure of. This girl must have a lot of strange things in her head, and it was definitely a female pervert.

If he stayed with her. Wouldn’t he be seduced by her every day?

She is definitely a demoness!

I can’t afford to offend such a demoness.

It was harmful to my health!

“So, do you want me to marry you, or do you want me to marry you?” You Rong leaned into Li Yu’s ear, her warm and moist breath tapping on Li Yu’s earlobe like a soft feather tickling Li Yu’s heart.

Li Yu took a deep breath and recited silently, “Color is emptiness, and emptiness is color.”

Then, he rolled up his sleeves, revealing his sandbag-sized fists were clenched tightly. He raised it in front of Yourong and said, “My fist is very big. Bear with it!”

With that said, he swung his fist and gathered strength.

You Rong instantly knelt down and held the Red Lotus True Fire in her hands. She blinked her large, innocent eyes as she looked at Li Yu and squeaked pitifully, “Master, look how red this Red Lotus True Flame is!”

“Hmph, you just had to force me to say the most terrifying thing!” Li Yu grunted as he grabbed the Red Lotus True Flame.

He kept it in the system space.

However, he did not expect You Rong to suddenly lean into his ear and whisper, “It shouldn’t only be the size of a fist, right?”

Poof…

Li Yu almost spat out a mouthful of blood.

It broke through his defense!

Damn, this girl is really a dirty one. Her driving skills are top-notch.

He was suddenly at a loss as to what to do.

How could Li Yu accept this!

As a promising young man from the 21st century, how could he lose in driving skills?

It was simply embarrassing as a man.

Therefore, he replied, “Do you want to experience it? Not only is it big, but it’s also very lasting!”

Once Li Yu said it, You Rong’s face instantly flushed red.

This time, it was her turn to be at a loss. She turned around with a red face and stammered, “I-I don’t want to!”

Hai, how boring!

Indeed, it’s all talk.

When things got serious, the fire would become extinguished!

Li Yu shook his head. He suddenly realized that Long Yue’s face was also red with embarrassment. She withdrew her gaze from Li Yu’s body in a panic and looked around helplessly on the ground.

 
Chapter 156 My Fist… (3)
Long Yue did not know where to place her hands.

Li Yu was startled. It seemed that Long Yue had just understood what he meant.

Is every female demon this dirty?

As Li Yu and You Rong were mocking each other, the various demon elites had already begun the challenge.

After all, their purpose here was to obtain the inheritance.

Seeing how extraordinary Li Yu was made them yearn even more for the inheritance of the Demon God Palace. They wanted to soar into the sky and become an expert who could match Li Yu.

Benbo’erba from the Holy Ape Clan and Bai Su from the Nine-Headed Snake Clan had already reached the top of the altar.

However, as they ascended the steps, the god statues on the surrounding giant pillars seemed to awaken.

Their eyes stared at the ascending figures as they let out terrifying roars.

At the same time, Benbo’erba, Bai Su, and the other demon clan elites seemed under immense pressure, making it difficult to move.

Every step up seemed to be extremely difficult.

Before long, the Golden Feather Race’s Zha Zha Hui and the Demon Fox Race’s Gu Yue also ascended the stairs.

“Alright, it’s time for us to get down to business!” Li Yu looked at the altar in front of him.

After that, he walked forward while Long Yue and You Rong followed behind Li Yu towards the altar.

Roar! Bang! Bang! Bang! 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The intense fighting sounds lingered in the surroundings. The weaker demons were still fighting the beast spirits.

As Li Yu and the others approached the altar, the three beast spirits manifested and rushed towards Li Yu, Long Yue, and You Rong.

Li Yu’s expression remained the same as he swung his fist, and the beast spirit pouncing over vanished into thin air.

You Rong and her beast spirit fought, while Long Yue did not spend much effort defeating her enemy beast spirit.

Li Yu rapidly ascended the steps of the altar.

Boom!

The place shook as a terrifying pressure poured down from the altar. It was like a torrential wave that assaulted Li Yu’s face.

The gravity on the altar increased by several times.

Furthermore, with each step up, the pressure and gravity increased significantly.

However, such power and pressure were useless to Li Yu.

He crossed several steps with each step and ran up rapidly. In the blink of an eye, he arrived in the middle of the altar.

At the same time, a furious roar echoed through the entire Demon God Palace.

“Human, stop!”

With that terrifying roar, the gods on the 36 pillars suddenly manifested.

They shouted in unison, “Human, stop!”

“Human, stop!”

The 36 gods roared in unison, and their voices were like the might of the heavens rumbling through the world.

The elites below were so frightened that their hearts trembled, and their bodies went cold.

Golden chains spun out of the 36 gods’ mouths and instantly bound Li Yu.

“You think you can stop me with this little strength?!” Li Yu laughed and took a few more steps forward.

With each step, the altar trembled, and the Demon God Palace shook violently.

The 36 gods were forcefully dragged forward by him.

Seeing this, the geniuses in the Demon God Palace looked at Li Yu in shock.

No one was surprised that he could rush halfway up the altar quickly.

However, not only was he not crushed by the pressure and restraints of the 36 gods, he even dragged them up.

The scene was beyond their imagination.

 
Chapter 157 Demon God, I’m Here to Help You Find Peace (1)
“Humans who trespass shall be killed without mercy!”

Another furious roar that sounded like the might of heaven reverberated through the entire Demon God Palace.

The gravity and pressure on the altar suddenly increased again, pressing the prodigies on the altar to the ground and immobilizing them.

At the same time, the 36 images of demon gods pounced toward Li Yu from the surroundings.

Every single one of them seemed like the sky was pressing down on them, and their divine might was unchallenged and monstrous that it was impossible to breathe.

However, Li Yu’s expression remained the same. He pulled out the sword behind him with his right hand, and sword light swept out. The god phantoms instantly collapsed one after the other amidst the angry roars.

“If you don’t let me through, I’ll insist on charging through!” Li Yu shouted with a powerful aura. Immediately, he continued to fly up. The remaining god phantoms roared and began to cast divine arts to stop him.

However, nothing could stop Li Yu. Whoever dared to stop him, he would kill with one sword slash.

At that moment, the altar no longer seemed like an altar.

Instead, it was the flight of steps that reached the heavens.

Li Yu was that heaven-defying person who slaughtered gods with his sword, who would kill anyone in his way, who would use his sword to shatter the sky and peer down at the world.

The demon elites below were dumbfounded and shocked.

Compared to this scene, Li Yu’s confrontation with Long Yue from before was simply not worth mentioning.

Even Long Yue was stunned. Li Yu was too extraordinary and too powerful.

The demon gods that blocked the sky were like ants in front of him.

And he was the true ruler of this world, the true god.

Boom!

The last god phantom dissipated under Li Yu’s sword.

Li Yu successfully arrived on top of the altar. He had killed the 36 Demon Gods alone. As the demon god phantoms collapsed, the surrounding 36 giant pillars became dull.

The pressure and gravity on the altar instantly disappeared. “The pressure is gone!” “Let’s go up quickly!” The demon elites could not care less as they hurriedly ran up the altar.

Long Yue and You Rong also quickly arrived at the altar. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The altar seemed to be another grotto-heaven.

The sea of clouds filled the surroundings, and it was impossible to see the end. An immortal bridge stretched across the sea of clouds, and at the other end of the bridge was a magnificent palace with carved railings.

This palace was almost the same as the one everyone had seen outside earlier. The words ‘Demon God Palace’ were written on the plaque.

On the stone platform beside the immortal bridge, a living being that looked like a Tortoise Minister was squatting there pretending to be a statue.

Indeed, he was pretending to be a statue. If not for his slightly trembling legs betraying him, no one would have noticed anything amiss.

Li Yu looked at the statue, walked over, and gave it a kick.

The statue immediately cried out in surprise and fell down. It immediately declared in a panic, “Don’t, don’t kill me, don’t kill me. I’m a civil servant who’s responsible for guiding everyone. Anything else is not under my concern!”

“Then hurry up and lead the way!” “Alright, alright. First of all, congratulations on ascending the Demon God Altar. However, if you want to obtain the Demon God’s inheritance and treasures, you will still need to pass through this divine bridge. Still, I have to remind you that this bridge is not that easy to cross.

“Below the bridge is the Nine Nether Abyss. If you fall carelessly, you will be consigned to eternal damnation! Therefore, if you don’t have a good temperament and aren’t strong enough, I advise you to return to wherever you came from.”

“Is that all?” Li Yu asked.

“That’s all!”

“Is it really the Nine Nether Abyss under this bridge?”

“Indeed!”

“Cool!” Li Yu nodded, and then he grabbed the Tortoise Minister and threw him under the bridge.

“Ahhh, help…” The Tortoise Minister shouted in horror. However, before he could finish his sentence, a bang was heard as if he had landed on the floor.

Immediately, he exclaimed, “Eh?”

Li Yu smiled before he stepped foot onto the so-called divine bridge.

Indeed.

After stepping onto the bridge, the sea of clouds under the bridge instantly became a bottomless abyss. Li Yu stared into the abyss, and it seemed to be staring at him.

It was as if a giant hand had reached out from the abyss to pull him down. If he had not tested the Tortoise Minister just now, he might be scared to death by such a scene.

However, Li Yu knew that even if this bridge was not the real Nine Nether Abyss, this bridge was definitely dangerous.

Of course, he meant the other demons behind him.

Upon seeing Li Yu walk onto the divine bridge, the demon prodigies wanted to follow.

However, they did not dare to act rashly and decided to wait and see how Li Yu crossed the bridge. Li Yu walked forward. He had just walked a third of the way when another furious roar resounded. “All trespassers of the human race shall die!”

The sea of clouds under the bridge suddenly surged violently along with that angry roar.

After that, an extremely enormous sea beast charged out of the sea of clouds, and ferocious tentacles assaulted Li Yu.

Upon seeing this, the elites looked at each other, secretly glad they had restrained their urges. Otherwise, if they really followed Li Yu onto the bridge, they would probably be implicated by Li Yu and attacked by that terrifying monster.

Li Yu remained calm and collected as he swung the sword in his hand, slicing the giant sea beast in half.

Immediately, with a bang, it dispersed into airwaves that spread out. Soon, space began fluctuating violently, and the surroundings underwent massive changes. The sea of clouds under his feet suddenly turned into a sea of fire, and strange dark clouds surfaced in the sky. Lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled.

 
Chapter 158 Demon God, I’m Here to Help You Find Peace (2)
All of a sudden, a giant fire dragon rushed out of the sea of fire, carrying ceaseless flames as it pounced at Li Yu.

At the same time, an equally massive thunder dragon condensed from lightning rushed out of the dark clouds and smashed down with torrential divine might.

Heavenly Thunder and Earth Fire!

This petrifying scene sent chills down the spines of the demon elites.

As for the auras emitted by the fire dragon and thunder dragon, it was overly oppressive that they made the demon prodigies tremble in fear. It was as if they were facing the might of heaven, and they felt they were tiny specks of dust.

And this was just what they could sense from afar. If the demon prodigies were on the bridge, that oppressive might alone would likely crush them into dust.

“You finally got something powerful?” Li Yu calmly smiled while he didn’t stop moving. Every single step he took caused the divine bridge to tremble.

Rumble! Rumble!

The thunder dragon and fire dragon struck Li Yu at the same time.

His body was enveloped by the resulting gigantic light ball, and the light blinded everyone for a brief moment.

The terrifying explosion shook the earth, causing the elites to tremble uncontrollably.

After the light dissipated, the nervous gazes of Long Yue, You Rong, Zha Zha Hui, Benbo’erba, Gu Yue, Bai Su, and the other demon elites gathered at Li Yu.

On the divine bridge, Li Yu was still walking forward unharmed.

Dressed in a golden halo, he was like a blazing sun in the sky, dazzling and eye-catching.

“He’s fine!” Long Yue heaved a sigh of relief.

At this moment, she forgot the hatred and humiliation, and all she felt was admiration and reverence for the strong.

Meanwhile, You Rong cheered happily beside Long Yue.

With the Limitless Merit Golden Body protecting Li Yu, the thunder dragon and fire dragon’s attacks could not harm him.

However, right at this moment, a voice that sounded like the roar of a devil resounded through the place, and the entire space started to tremble violently.

The surrounding void changed again, and the light suddenly dimmed.

The lightning cloud and sea of fire rapidly condensed into two enormous palms.

An incomparably gigantic phantom of a god surfaced.

Those two enormous palms pressed down on Li Yu.

Li Yu was as tiny as an ant compared to the divine phantom.

The two giant hands of the god seemed to mash the sky and earth together, attempting to destroy all life in this grotto-world.

Li Yu was pressed down by the two new godly giant hands.

The hearts of the spectating demons seemed to have stopped beating. They were not worried about Li Yu’s survival.

It was just that the scene before them was too shocking.

They were dumbfounded.

The power of a god was truly terrifying!

Suddenly, a sword glow shot out from the god’s palm.

Immediately, the palm cracked open from the center.

The crack spread towards the god phantom’s body at a visible speed.

It spread to the surrounding space.

Rumble!

The entire space seemed to collapse as it shook violently. The demon elites could not stand at all and fell to the ground.

At the same time, a terrifying roar sounded as the gigantic demon god phantom collapsed with a bang

This grotto-world collapsed along with it.

In an instant, everything around that demon god was reduced to nothingness.

There was no more sea of clouds or bridge. All that was left was a pitch-black void.

Only the Demon God Palace emitted a faint halo as if floating in the dark void.

Even the pressure that restrained them from flying had vanished.

“This is too scary… Where did this guy come from? He actually destroyed the Demon God Palace’s boundary array! It’s over. The Demon God is in danger now!” In the void, the tortoise minister-like fellow trembled with a horrified expression.

His words fell into the ears of Long Yue and You Rong.

They were shocked as the two looked at the Demon God Palace in the sky and wondered where the Demon God was.

At the same time, You Rong flew towards Li Yu. “Li Yu, wait!”

A voice from Rong stopped Li Yu, who was about to fly to the Demon God Palace.

Li Yu turned his head in surprise and asked, “What’s the matter?”

You Rong went up to Li Yu and whispered what the Tortoise Minister had said.

Li Yu frowned slightly as his gaze moved about, and he seemed to have thought of something.

“This Demon God Palace is never as simple as it looks!” reminded You Rong.

“Okay, then I’ll see what this demon god is up to!” Li Yu smiled.

“Be careful!” You Rong cautioned with a serious expression. Li Yu smiled calmly and did not say anything else. He flew to the main hall of the Demon God Palace alone.

Soon, it took him one slash to break through the door and enter the hall.

The hall was empty and vast, and lamps illuminated the interior. There were ferocious giant beast statues standing around the hall.

They had snake bodies, eagle heads, and three pairs of wings on their back.

Dark red blood flowed out of the eagle head’s mouth and continuously gushed into the groove on the ground. It coursed along the grooves while the bloody smell filled the entire hall.

The groove swerved around on the ground, forming a strange totem that emitted a sinister red glow. It seemed like a forbidden ritual.

It filled the hall with a strange and sinister

aura.

Hmph, there really is something fishy about this!

He looked into the depths of the hall. A figure three to four meters tall stood there on the platform.

That person was wearing red and black armor. Although it was only a back view, it still emitted a palpitating divine might that made one involuntarily feel a trace of reverence.

Is that the owner of this Demon God Palace?

Li Yu thought to himself. At the same time, the system mission interface suddenly popped up. A new mission appeared on it: Kill the Demon God.

Li Yu had previously killed the Devil, and his experience points had increased significantly.

His current experience points had already become 7.07 points away from becoming invincible…

Since this demon god could be directly included in the mission by the system, it must have plenty of experience points. “Who are you exactly?” The demon god asked. His voice echoed in the hall, filled with prestige.

“Just a nobody.” Li Yu stepped over the strange totem and walked deeper into the hall.

“You’re the demon god, right?” Li Yu asked.

“Indeed!” The majestic and overwhelming figure slowly turned around.

His appearance had a dignified aura. Moreover, a strange green horn was growing on the top left side of his forehead.

Li Yu looked at the horn carefully and almost burst out laughing.

It was not a green horn but a hilt of a green dagger that was stabbed into his forehead.

Is the demon god with a dagger in its head alright?

A demon god is a demon god, after all. It did not die despite having a sword in his head!

“Why must you barge into my Demon God Palace?” the demon god asked, but his gaze at Li Yu was filled with dread and bewilderment.

He clearly felt that Li Yu was a mortal, but how could he be so powerful that even his own boundary array could be destroyed by him? This child is so powerful that even I was not his match at my peak, let alone my current strength.

After losing control over the realm’s power, he could do nothing to Li Yu now.

It seemed like the times had really changed!

For some reason, the immortal realms had become such a desolate place. The mortals in this world were unimaginably powerful.

What in the world happened in the millions of years that I’m sealed under the Pan Emperor’s Life Sword?

This demon god could not understand.

The Demon God Palace’s inheritance was a scam he set up to find a suitable demon body for him to possess and reincarnate.

In the end, he had attracted such a freak of a human. To think that he could charge all the way here. This was a result he could never have imagined! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

“I’m naturally here to help you find eternal peace!” Li Yu said with a smile.

The demon god’s expression slightly changed as he frowned. Although his expression was solemn, the dagger stuck in his head was still amusing.

“Did we have any enmity in the past?” That demon god asked.

“Yes, we had nothing in the past, but you wanted my life just now. If I wasn’t strong enough, I would have probably died here a long time ago!” Li Yu replied with a serious expression.

“That was because you insisted on barging into my Demon God Palace and triggered the Demon God Palace’s defensive array formation. It was not my intention!” the demon god argued.

You just had to rub yourself against my blade, and you’re blaming me for wanting to kill you? This dude is so unreasonable!

“If I don’t barge in, how can I send you off peacefully?”

So you’re saying I should freaking thank you!

Chapter 159 Demon God Treasury
ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

“Are you that bent on killing me?” The Demon God’s figure weakened. It had not been easy for him to escape the Pan Emperor’s Life Dagger, and he had yet to turn things around when he bumped into such a strange guy.

You just want to kill me for no reason!

However, the demon god had a nagging feeling that this person might be a reincarnation of his enemy from back then. “Hmm. If you don’t want to die, bring out treasures that satisfy me, and I might consider letting you live!” Li Yu suddenly changed the topic.

The Demon God heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed that he had worried too much. This person had barged in for the treasure.

He had nothing but his vast treasure collection in the Demon God Palace. In the entire Immortal Domain, apart from the Immortal Court, there was probably no other faction’s wealth that could compare to his.

“What do you want? Tell me. My Demon God Palace has nothing else but treasures!” The demon god’s lips curled into a smug smile.

“How would I know what you have? Take it out for me to see first. Sigh, as expected, a head that has been stabbed by a dagger can’t work anymore!” ridiculed Li Yu.

The demon god felt uneasy being mocked by Li

Yu.

However, he could not show his anger, and thus he could only swallow it.

Having lived for countless years, he had killed countless people and their entire families over any disagreement.

He had never suffered such a humiliation!

Sigh, times have changed!

The demon god could only comfort himself in this manner. “Please follow me!” The Demon God calmed his thoughts and spoke.

Then, he waved his hand, and a door appeared out of thin air.

Li Yu followed the demon god into the door and through the corridor.

They arrived at a cylindrical room. The walls were filled with shelves, each emitting an extraordinary aura.

“This is my Myriad Treasures Pavilion. Here are all the treasures I’ve collected. These are all divine weapons and magic treasures. They are at least supreme-grade immortal artifacts. These floors are all immortal artifacts, and this floor is filled with dao treasures.

“At the top layer are Ancient Saint Weapons. In the past, there were no more than 20 Ancient Saint Weapons in the entire Immortal Realm, and I alone possessed three!”

The Demon God introduced his treasures proudly. With a wave of his hand, three Ancient Saint Weapons flew out and floated in front of him.

“This is the Dragon King Ruler of the Eight-Divisional Pagoda. It’s a high-grade Ancient Saint weapon. This is also a high-grade one, the Wu Shang Halberd.

“Lastly, this is the best one. It’s the Hunyuan Calabash, a supreme-grade Ancient Saint Weapon. It’s a top-notch magic treasure on par with the Pan Emperor’s Life Dagger on my head.

“This Calabash could devour Heaven Immortals and saints to seal them within.

“For example, those below the Golden Immortal realm would have their blood souls refined into nutrients for the gourd after being devoured.

“However, this magic treasure requires at least the magic power of a Perfected Immortal. The greater the cultivation, the more astonishing the power it could unleash.

“It’s a gem among Ancient Saint weapons.” The Demon God held the Hunyuan Calabash proudly. However, Li Yu’s gaze went to the sword on the demon god’s head. He touched his chin as a glint flashed through his eyes.

The demon god showed Li Yu the various top treasures in his treasure vault, hoping to move

him.

It had to be said that the wealth of this demon god was indeed shocking. It would not be an exaggeration to say that his wealth was comparable to a country. It seemed that the Demon God Palace in the past was probably a major power in the Ancient Immortal Domain. If Li Yu half-emptied this treasure vault, the Qingyun Sect would instantly become the wealthiest sect in the Immortal Martial World.

Of course, the current Qingyun Sect was almost the wealthiest. The Ancient Dao Fortune Tree and the Immortal Spring were valuable enough. “I wonder if there are any treasures that you’re satisfied with from my Myriad Treasures Pavilion?” the demon god asked. “It’s barely enough!” Li Yu pretended to be dissatisfied, but he was already overjoyed inside.

“Please accept it, sir!” The demon god only wanted to get rid of the disaster by spending money. What he valued the most was his life.

Of course, there were also the precious memories in his mind, his cultivation abilities, the various powerful bloodlines, and the eleven paragon bones he had fused with.

As long as he successfully reincarnated into another body and broke free from the Pan Emperor’s Life Dagger completely, he could then take out the paragon bones from his original body and fuse with it in the future. It would not be long before he could regain his life. It was only a matter of time before he returned to the peak. Moreover, he had just obtained a Creation-level cultivation technique from another realm before being sealed. It was only a matter of time before he stepped into the Sovereign Realm with this cultivation technique. At that time, he would take back everything he had given away today.

Also, he wanted to take Li Yu’s life.

Li Yu naturally could not guess the thoughts of the demon god, but the demon god did not know what Li Yu was thinking either.

Li Yu happily looted all the treasures in the Demon God’s Myriad Treasures Pavilion. The system space was almost full.

Then, he looked at the demon god with a harmless, elegant smile and announced, “I want one last thing!”

“What is it?” The demon god frowned, wondering if he wanted to take away his Demon God Palace too.

“Heh, that sword on your head!” Li Yu pointed at the Pan Emperor’s Life Dagger stuck into the demon god’s head.

The demon god’s expression drastically changed as he panicked. He hurriedly said, “Sir, I’m sorry, but I can’t give you this sword for the time being. If you want it, I’ll take it off and give it to you after I obtain my cauldron and reincarnate!”

Li Yu’s expression remained the same when he heard the demon god’s words. He could not help but think to himself that it was indeed a scam to attract the prodigies of the demon race to accept the inheritance in such a grand manner.

If he had not barged in, it was likeliest that Long Yue would become a furnace.

“No, I want it now!” Li Yu’s expression turned cold. He naturally would not let this demon god off.

Not mentioning the system mission, if he were to let such a terrifying guy go, this demon god would seek revenge one day. Li Yu was not afraid that he could not beat him, but he did not like the trouble. He could settle the matter now, so there was no need to leave any possibility for risks in the future.

“You, you’re going to kill me!” the demon god said with an ugly expression.

“Yes, you’re right!” Li Yu nodded.

“You! How can you go back on your word! You said you would let me live!” the demon god roared in panic.

“I didn’t go back on my word. Didn’t I say before I came that I was here to help you find peace forever? Since I’m on it, even if I’m sending you into reincarnation, this is also a way to live!”

II

11

You’re a freaking devil!

“Alright, do you have any last words?” Li Yu asked solemnly.

“Yes…” The demon god wanted to use the secrets he knew to exchange for a chance of survival.

However, Li Yu did not wait for him to finish before saying, “If you have any last words, save them for the rest of your journey!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Yu’s figure flashed and vanished on the spot.

The demon god’s expression drastically changed as he took a few steps back. However, he realized that the dagger on his head had already been pulled out by Li Yu.

It was now in Li Yu’s hand.

The demon god widened his eyes. He opened his mouth but could not say a word.

The hole in his head was like a hole in a balloon. Magic power, soul, and vitality gushed out from his body.

Soon, it was devoured by the Life Sword in Li Yu’s hand and sealed forever within.

“Ding… completed the mission to kill the Demon God!” “Ding… successful collection of 11 paragon bones!” “Ding… successful collection of Roc’s Blood Soul!”

“Ding… successful collection of two drops of blood essence of the Responding Dragon.”

“Ding… successful collection of five drops of Ancestral Demon Zhurong’s blood essence!”

As the system’s voice sounded, the golden bones with the Great Dao inscriptions and complicated patterns, the drops of blood essence that emitted extraordinary power, were automatically stored in the system space.

Li Yu was euphoric that this boss had dropped so many items. The most valuable treasures were with him, after all.

Boom!

The Demon God’s gigantic corpse crashed to the ground.

At the same time, the palace suddenly began to tremble violently. Everything around it began to collapse. Even space began to collapse.

Li Yu’s expression changed as he hurriedly flew out of the hall.

However, the space in front of him suddenly cracked like a mirror. His body went through the shattered mirror and flew into the broken space.

 
Chapter 160 Causing Trouble
Outside the Demon God Palace, the demon clan elites’ expressions drastically changed when they saw the palace floating in the air suddenly collapse.

At the same time, the Tortoise Minister suddenly cried out in horror, “It’s over, it’s over. The demon god has really died, my demon god!”

The Turtle Minister wailed as if his father had died.

Upon hearing his outburst, the elites looked at each other. However, they suddenly felt the world spin around them as their vision darkened.

When they returned to their senses, they were already outside.

As for the 36 jade pillars and the illusory hall, they instantly turned into bubbles that dissipated.

This sudden scene surprised the demons waiting outside. They thought that someone had acquired the inheritance.

Everyone quickly gathered around and asked about their elites.

Long Yue looked around carefully, but she could not find Li Yu. Did he not make it out?

The Primordial Dao Holy Land. The once holy area was now filled with corpses and desolation.

The Primordial Dao Holy Land, which had dominated the Immortal Martial World for countless years, was overrun and occupied by the demons.

More than sixty percent of over ten thousand disciples had died, and the rest were wounded and captured. The elders were also either dead or injured.

Of course, the demons had suffered heavy casualties.

Before Perfected Tian Yu died, he crushed a jade pendant. It was the link between the Primordial Dao Holy Land and the Primordial Dao Immortal Gate.

If that jade pendant was shattered, it only meant the Primordial Dao Holy Land was facing a calamity.

Although Perfected Tian Yu did not know when the immortal realms would send help, it was still extremely difficult for someone from the immortal realm to descend to the lower realm.

Still, they could not allow the demons to truly control the Immortal Martial World.

As for the Violet Palace Holy Land and the Divine Firmament Holy Land, the humans were also attacked by the demon alliance army, especially the Divine Firmament Holy Land.

After Young Master Qing Ye descended into the Divine Firmament Holy Land, the entire Holy Land’s Protective Mountain Array quickly collapsed. Tens of thousands of demon experts from the Nine-Headed Lion Race, the Holy Ape Clan, the Demon Ox Clan, and others surged into the Holy Land.

The calamity instantly befell the Divine Firmament Holy Land.

However, at that moment, the Holy Lord of the Primordial Dao Holy Land, Perfected Tian Hui, and the Holy Lord of the Divine Firmament Holy Land, Perfected Qing Xiao, did not know that the Immortal Martial World was about to change.

They had just successfully broken through the powerful restriction with the ancestors of the other Holy Lands and top-notch families and entered the ancient Immortal Court.

However, most of the buildings in the Immortal Court were covered in ruins and corpses.

It had clearly experienced an earth-shattering war and a terrifying calamity. All of the buildings in this Immortal Court were as hard as immortal artifacts. Furthermore, it was protected by a powerful restriction. Those who could destroy it were definitely not ordinary immortals.

Everyone began to search for treasures in the Immortal Court, and they did find a lot of it.

The storage magic treasures on some corpses had already become ownerless, and they were the belongings of the dead.

These victims were all immortals, so the belongings in their storage magic treasures were precious to them. After a long time, they entered a well-preserved palace. The hall was still lit with an eternal flame, and the magnificence of the hall was indescribable.

More than a hundred statues of immortals positioned on both sides of the hall. They were lifelike and illusory, causing the entire aisle to seem extremely dignified and solemn.

However, in the depths of the hall, three extraordinary figures sat cross-legged on the ground, seemingly emitting a faint aura. The group were all surprised to see the three extraordinary figures. They were also filled with curiosity.

“They seem to be alive!” Perfected Tian Hui remarked.

“I didn’t expect there to be survivors here!” added Perfected Biyao.

The Divine Firmament Holy Lord, the Violet Palace Holy Lord, Clear Void Holy Lord, and the others were also surprised as they approached. As expected, the three of them seemed to still have life auras. It was just that they had entered a strange fake death state for some reason.

They had always been curious about what happened in the Lingtian Mystic Realm and what the Immortal Court had experienced.

If they could meet the survivors of that year, perhaps he could solve all the mysteries. After closer inspection, the three looked even more extraordinary than those immortal statues. Clearly, they were the best of the Immortal Court in the past.

It was the first time they saw an actual living immortal in the Lingtian Mystic Realm. However, no one dared to act rashly. After all, the group did not know why the three had fallen into such a fake death state.

They did not know what would happen if they woke the three up casually.

Hence, they were at a loss for what to do.

However, just as everyone was at a loss, the auras of the three figures suddenly began to rise, and the magic power in their bodies kept leaking

Upon seeing this, everyone was shocked and quickly retreated.

“Are they going to wake up?” Everyone looked at the three figures nervously and expectantly.

Then, the three slowly opened their eyes and stood up from the ground. However, their gazes were cold. At the same time, the aura they emitted suddenly changed. The magic power suffusing their bodies turned into purple-black Qi suddenly.

“Not good!” Everyone’s expression switched, and they instantly had a bad feeling.

However, before they could escape, a powerful domain locked their bodies in place.

It was a power beyond their imagination.

Before that power, they were like a lone boat in the sea that did not have the strength to fight the giant waves.

“They’ve already demonized!” Perfected Qing Xiao exclaimed.

The others naturally knew it as well, but so what?

They took out their magic treasures to resist the powerful domain, but they could only barely support themselves and not be crushed into pieces by the domain power Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

It was practically impossible to escape.

The auras of the three people were still rapidly rising. The demonic Qi around them became increasingly forceful. The surrounding space began to twist.

Their originally awe-inspiring faces had already twisted and deformed. Their faces and figures had also begun to demonize.

Their eyes became cold and bloodthirsty red pupils, and black scales surfaced on the skin. There was even a strange red mark on their glabellas. “Devil immortal, this is a Devil immortal!” Perfected Tian Hui exclaimed.

Although he had never seen a Devil Immortal before, he had once seen some simple records in ancient books.

“It’s over. We’re in big trouble!” Perfected Taiqing commented with an ugly expression.

They knew very well that if these three Devil Immortals were to materialize, it would not only threaten their lives, everyone from the orthodox sects in the Lingtian Mystic Realm would die.

As the three Devil Immortal embodiments appeared, the immortal statues on both sides of the hall began to transform too.

Terrifying demonic Qi surfaced on their bodies as their appearances began to change, as if they had transformed into demon gods.

The entire Immortal God Hall instantly became the Demon God Hall.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Threads condensed from black demonic Qi shot out from the surrounding demonic god statues and instantly penetrated the bodies of Perfected Tian Hui, Perfected Qing Xiao, Perfected Biyao, and Perfected Taiqing.

It began to devour their magic power and vitality.

Meanwhile, the three devil immortals formed strange seals. At the same time, those devil god statues moved and formed seals together. Demonic Qi gathered in the sky, slowly forming a giant black vortex.

Rumble…

The area in the entire hall began to fluctuate. The heavens shook, and the earth shook as space twisted.

At the same time, the black thread began to suck everyone’s magic power and vitality madly as it surged towards the black vortex.
